There are several ways to earn trophies in Dota 2, from playing matches, to performing various feats, participating in events, and more. All of your trophies now contribute toward increasing your Dota Level, which is the culmination of your accomplishments in Dota.Each trophy contributes a different amount of Trophy Points toward your next Dota level. The conversion is simple: 100 Trophy Points = 1 Dota Level.Trophy Points are awarded whenever a trophy is earned, or is upgraded to a new tier.You've likely already earned a trophy or two, and each of these will count toward your Dota Level. To see your trophy collection, including the point totals that each provides, head to your profile and select "Trophies". Expect us to release more trophies in the future.The new Experience Trophy rewards you just for playing Dota.Every match you play contributes toward this trophy, and unlike other trophies it will provide additional Trophy Points each time it gains a level. There is no limit to how many points you can earn from this trophy.All players who earned Battle Points in Dota 2 will receive a commemorative trophy that awards Trophy Points based on their final Battle Point Level.The Fall Season is upon us and we’re excited to announce updates to Dota Plus and Guilds. The Season begins today and it will run through the beginning of December, 2020.Autumnal Treasure 2020Dota Plus members can now purchase a new treasure with shards. This treasure features 12 community-created sets for Nyx Assassin, Leshrac, Medusa, Vengeful Spirit, Weaver, Clockwerk, Faceless Void, Doom, Sven, Axe, Crystal Maiden, and Tusk. It also includes the re-introduction of Ethereal and Prismatic gems, with the very rare Blazing Hatchling courier coming pre-equipped with a random one of each. Our plan right now is to have a new seasonal treasure available for purchase with shards every 3 months. The next treasure will be available on Dec 1st, and then again every 3 months after that. This will also align with seasonal quests and seasonal terrains. Updates to Dota PlusIn addition to the existing ways to earn shards, Dota Plus members can also earn up to 57,850 shards from a new season of quests for Fall 2020. These extra shards will give the currency you need to take advantage of the Seasonal Treasure. Dota Plus members can now use the new Role Assistant hero grid arrangement. As the Dota community finds new and different ways for heroes to be played, the new Role Assistant automatically records the picks of every hero in Ranked Roles matchmaking and displays heroes in their most picked roles. This data is updated automatically to highlight the latest trends and is filterable by MMR rank.Several features from the Battle Pass have also moved into Dota Plus:We’ve also bumped up the number of players allowed to be on the Avoid Players list from 16 to 25.Shards for EveryoneWe want all players to enjoy earning and spending Shards, so we have changed the currency to be available to all players rather than being Dota Plus exclusive.While the most effective way to earn shards is to have Dota Plus, we’ve enabled the following subset of features to be available for all players:Guild UpdatesWe reintroduced Guilds during the Battle Pass, and we were happy to see how many players participated in Guilds and shared their feedback with us. We are keeping the existing Guilds, but many of the rewards received only worked in the context of the Battle Pass. We’ve redesigned those features so that you can enjoy playing with your guild all the time.Guilds no longer have a Guild Level – instead there is now a weekly leaderboard of guild points earned in a given region. Once a week, guild members will receive their new guild rank and can claim a reward of shards; Dota Plus members earn double the amount of shards. A Guild’s weekly leaderboard position also determines access to special perks that may change over time. The current set of perks is:At the end of the week, all existing guild points will decay by a percentage. This is so that new guilds have a chance to catch up to existing guilds; however, they’ll naturally have to work hard to catch up to the leaders! We want this feature to reward active and engaged guilds working together week-by-week to gain points – so with that in mind we’ll be monitoring and adjusting the weekly decay to achieve that goal. Guild contracts now earn both guild points and shards. All players have access to one contract slot per day, and Dota Plus members have access to a second slot. Guild challenges are still completed in parties of 3+ guild members, and they earn guild points for leaderboard position. Playing a match while in a guild earns guild points, with bonuses for being in parties with your guildmates.All players can participate in a guild, but only Dota Plus members can create them.Ranked SeasonIn the past we’ve seen a bunch of negative aspects to forcing everyone to reset their MMR at the same time. That has been part of our reluctance to continue with resetting every 6 months. However after we’ve expressed this reluctance recently, we’ve gotten a lot of feedback about how valuable they felt this functionality was to them, along with various suggestions to handling this topic.For this season, we are going to try a new approach to MMR resets. We are making the MMR reset optional, and for those who want to participate, we instead spread it out so it doesn’t create too much volatility at the same time (ontop of the volatility that already exists when you enter calibration). We hope this will remove most of the downsides of MMR resets, and let the people that really want to do it be able to do so in a little bit more of a stable environment.Upon logging in, you can go to Settings, and under the Account tab there is a new MMR Recalibration section. To prevent everyone from recalibrating at once, start-times will be spaced out evenly between October 22, 2020 and November 22, 2020 and can be activated anytime until the Season is over. Feel free to press the button the moment it’s available to you, never press it, or warm back up to competitive play before activating it.CommunicationThe community has been wanting us to talk a bit more about things we are working on. There are a variety of reasons we don’t tend to get into those things until something is ready to release, because sometimes plans change, or an idea doesn’t develop into something solid, etc. Sometimes we also aren’t sure about dates yet, and don’t want to set up false expectations for either the scope for an update or to create disappointment if estimations are wrong.That being said, we recognize that sometimes we need to balance that approach with the desire for some information to the community. So we’ll share more information on a few topics below.First is with regards to new heroes. We know the community tends to expect new heroes in the fall each year (usually released around November sometime). We are currently aiming for end of November for a new hero release, followed by more that are spread throughout next year with the next one in the first quarter next year. Recently we’ve been thinking about trying an overall development approach of spreading out updates during the year, rather than only having most content and updates centered around The International. We are hoping a steady state of content will prove to be more engaging to users than the previous approaches.Another area we’ve been doing work on recently is player behavior and toxicity. Some of that has been work we’ve been doing recently in public without patch notes, while some is upcoming stuff that is still in development. We’ve made improvements to our smurf detection systems, and as a result we’ve started separating new accounts from entering the pool of normal and new players. Smurf accounts are now much more likely to play with other smurfs only, this includes parties where only one player is a smurf. They are also likely to inherit any negative behavior scores of their alternate accounts, to limit their negative impact when playing. We’ve also done a few more improvements on making new accounts converge to their correct MMR faster, however there is still more to be done on that front. We have a couple of approaches to solve that which we are working on but they are in the research/experimental stage at this point.We’ve also been ramping up our banning of booster accounts, as we’ve improved detections systems in recent months and gained more confidence in the ability to ban for it. In the past 30 days we’ve banned over 14000 accounts, and have set up systems to continually ban for boosting moving forward. This is an area however that needs constant work and improvements to not stagnate, and some of this will benefit from more advanced detection methods that are also in early research/experimental stages.In terms of toxicity and game ruining behaviors from players, we are working on a new Overwatch style system, similar in some ways to that of CS:GO. We aren’t ready to share more information about this yet, but we will as soon as we are able. We are hoping to get this in the game as soon as possible.Lastly, we’ve done some engine development that results in moderate performance improvements on multi-core CPU’s and will be bringing those to Dota. There’s still a bit of testing to do as it may result in some bugs, but we are aiming towards the next week or so for it. As you can expect, given the code changes required, the release could be a little bit spooky.Today marks the end of The International 10 Battle Pass season. Thank you to everyone who participated and while this year didn’t end with a team hoisting the Aegis, all of us at Valve hope that you and your families remain healthy and we look forward to gathering everyone together for TI10.With the close of the season, we are pleased to announce the results of the 2020 Arcana Vote. This year the community cast millions of votes for two of the purplest heroes in the Dota 2 pool, Faceless Void and Spectre and with a split of 27,475,258 votes to 24,948,538, this year’s Arcana winner is: Spectre. The team will set out to design an Arcana befitting Mercurial, the Spectre, channeling her dark energy into forms heretofore unimagined. How will she haunt her quarry? In what manner can her refraction erode her enemies? When taking aim with her Spectral Dagger, what deadly color will she glow? Yes, purple, obviously, but what SHADE of purple? Sit tight, lavender lovers, plum buffs and violet voters. With time all (or maybe some) of these questions will be answered.Also, next week we’re releasing some new updates to Dota Plus. Among them will be updates to Guilds, a new Dota Plus Season, and a new MMR reset mechanism. Immortal Treasure III is now available, featuring all-new items for Pugna, Clockwerk, Oracle, Treant, Gyrocopter, and Lich.In addition to these items, each of these treasures you open also offers increasing odds of receiving a rare reward of 50 Battle Pass levels, a very rare Golden version of the Pugna item, or the ultra rare Phoenix Wings. As always, there is a cosmically rare chance you’ll discover a Divine Emblem.The Battle Pass will be extended for 3 more weeks, until October 9th, with the results of the Arcana vote revealed at that time (hint: it’s a purple melee carry that can cross distances with ease). During this final stretch, each Battle Pass owner can purchase up to two bundles of 60 levels at a 30% discount.Head over to the Battle Pass page for a preview of the new items and custom effects featured in the treasure.Not even Lyralei herself understood the true extent of her connection with the guardian wind. With no knowledge of her forebears, or memory of her first days, she could but listen for the truth in the whispers of sun-dappled trees around her, or the howling storms that keep even daylight at bay. But as she grew, and her strange connection with the guardian wind became ever stronger, an unease about her origins began to take hold. Unleash the power of the wind with the all-new Compass of the Rising Gale Arcana bundle, available now in The International 10 Battle Pass.This Arcana bundle includes a new model and base items, new animations, a custom channel bar and Focus Fire damage counter, ambient wind effects for both styles, additions to base and Immortal effects for her abilities, new death effects for both Windranger and enemy heroes she takes down, and over 500 new Arcana-exclusive voice lines. Rack up damage on targets you kill using Focus Fire to unlock the Reflections of the Gale alternate style.Learn more at the Compass of the Rising Gale update page.We’ve heard a lot of complaints recently about the state of DPC and we agree that there is more that we should do. We wanted to use this blog to walk you through what happened before, what our thoughts were, and what we will do going forward.Once the extent of the Covid-19 pandemic became clear, we posted about our plans to delay The International and started pre-booking arenas for various alternative dates and countries around the world. We then began researching how to execute The International based on how different pandemic scenarios could play out, with the hope that we’d be able to host it as soon as possible. Since the spring DPC events could no longer operate anymore, we started reaching out to the organizers to see what they wanted to do going forward. Some of those organizers shared their desires to run third party events to cover the period from March through the end of the summer.As we approached the middle of the summer, the volatility of the pandemic had grown significantly and we became very concerned about the impact it would have on future DPC events and The International. The global situation meant that cross regional play would be unlikely for a period of time, and we have since seen scenarios globally in other competitions where teams from certain countries had to be excluded after qualifying due to abrupt travel restrictions and complications. While we had already assumed that having a crowd for the DPC events was not in the cards, we wanted to at least have confidence in being able to bring all teams together for cross region competition. We felt that was a very important component of how we allocate DPC points for The International. We were also unsure of when The International itself would happen, and given the significant lead time needed, the increased spread of the virus made it harder to model out a time frame with confidence. The potential for the DPC season and its narrative feeling too detached from the path towards The International was negative for us. Doing that would also necessitate a DPC point decay system, which in and of itself isn’t a bad thing, but having to abruptly introduce decay mid season if the landscape changes has some additional downsides. Furthermore, we had also received some feedback from a couple of organizers that were either worried about the quality of the broadcast being lower or reluctant to want to operate DPC events in the fall altogether. While neither the cross-region competition nor the relative distance to The International are absolute requirements, we felt the DPC as both a function of The International and also as a coherent product for fans would be better served by holding off on them for now. Given that, our plan was that we’d make the upcoming months open and clear for other leagues and events to operate. Our approach historically has been to want third party tournaments to be able to exist outside of The International (though the degree of that has been fluid over the years as demands from fans and players for more structured circuits to lead to TI increased). Our hope was that we could both achieve a better and more coherent relationship between DPC and TI by approaching it this way as well as still allowing for third party events to have an impact, with the overall end result for fans still being that there would be entertaining content to watch in the fall.Soon after we announced that we were not immediately proceeding with DPC as planned, we received a lot of negative feedback from fans. We think that a lot of the points that were raised were reasonable criticisms towards us, especially because we did not communicate what our intentions were, and what they could expect in the future.For this upcoming competitive season, there are going to be at least four third party events and leagues in EU/CIS events, three in China, and a few others that are still in the preliminary planning stages and are not able to commit at this time. However, there are still going to be a lot of teams, casters, organizers and fans around the world that are not going to be meaningfully served based on the current trajectory and that is our fault for not pushing on those and supporting them enough.With that in mind, we’ve started reaching out to many more tournament organizers to offer help and financial support in order to be able to create increased coverage globally for the remainder of the year. We expect that these events will be gradually announced over the remaining season as soon as they are ready to communicate to fans and teams.Another piece of feedback we got from players as well as fans was wanting more clarity in what we were thinking were the likely dates for DPC and TI to resume. Our outlook right now is that we are anticipating the start of DPC to be in the first month or two of 2021. Our hope is that by the time the first DPC league concludes, travel limitations will be more predictable and spontaneous restrictions will be less likely, thus allowing for Majors with cross-region competition to happen. We are also operating under the assumption that the most likely outcome is for The International to happen in Stockholm in August 2021. While we have other countries as backups, we recognize that fans would be upset if we moved it to another location if the time savings weren’t meaningful enough.We’ve also heard your feedback and concerns around Dota TV streaming rights. This has been a topic we’ve discussed openly in the past and, as we gathered more data, our thoughts have evolved slightly. We ultimately still believe that community streamers providing their own commentary of a tournament is a net positive value to fans and the competitive scene. We also believe that in the long term, the tournament themselves benefit from additional exposure to fans of those community streamers. However, it is true that this can cause a short term loss of revenue as well as a reduced ability to monetize more effectively for tournament organizers. Starting September 15, the Dota license will be updated to reflect the following: Organizers that run Dota 2 Tournaments will have to provide community streamers with a reasonable and simple to execute set of non-monetary requirements, such as displaying the organizers sponsors on their streams or having a slight delay on the games. Community streamers will be able to use the DotaTV feed in their broadcast as long as they agree to those requirements. We believe this will provide more certainty and confidence to community streamers to be able to cast without a lot of turmoil, while at the same time protecting some key interests that tournament organizers have. To avoid possible last minute issues, we would advise casters that want to stream a tournament, to coordinate with the organizer in advance to ensure they are able to fulfill the requirements presented. Tournament organizers and relevant parties that have questions, feel free to reach out to us at [email protected]From deep inside the toy box, a frightening plaything joins the fray. Available now to all Battle Pass owners who reach level 255, the new Toy Butcher Persona for Pudge features an all-new model, animations, and voice performance.Feared amongst the fluff-stuffed denizens of the toy box, The Toy Butcher stalks the corners and shadows of the bin, always on the hunt for his next kill. Every toy knows that once the butcher gets his hook in you, your stuffing and your life are forfeit – like as not to be left strewn about the lanes as the plushy monster jaunts happily away from your lonely, ragged remains. Claim the new persona now in your Battle Pass and don’t forget to pick up the Voice of The International Announcer Pack on your way, available to all Battle Pass Owners at level 75 and above, to herald your next victory.The Fall Season is upon us and we’re excited to announce updates to Dota Plus and Guilds. The Season begins today and it will run through the beginning of December, 2020.Autumnal Treasure 2020Dota Plus members can now purchase a new treasure with shards. This treasure features 12 community-created sets for Nyx Assassin, Leshrac, Medusa, Vengeful Spirit, Weaver, Clockwerk, Faceless Void, Doom, Sven, Axe, Crystal Maiden, and Tusk. It also includes the re-introduction of Ethereal and Prismatic gems, with the very rare Blazing Hatchling courier coming pre-equipped with a random one of each. Our plan right now is to have a new seasonal treasure available for purchase with shards every 3 months. The next treasure will be available on Dec 1st, and then again every 3 months after that. This will also align with seasonal quests and seasonal terrains. Updates to Dota PlusIn addition to the existing ways to earn shards, Dota Plus members can also earn up to 57,850 shards from a new season of quests for Fall 2020. These extra shards will give the currency you need to take advantage of the Seasonal Treasure. Dota Plus members can now use the new Role Assistant hero grid arrangement. As the Dota community finds new and different ways for heroes to be played, the new Role Assistant automatically records the picks of every hero in Ranked Roles matchmaking and displays heroes in their most picked roles. This data is updated automatically to highlight the latest trends and is filterable by MMR rank.Several features from the Battle Pass have also moved into Dota Plus:We’ve also bumped up the number of players allowed to be on the Avoid Players list from 16 to 25.Shards for EveryoneWe want all players to enjoy earning and spending Shards, so we have changed the currency to be available to all players rather than being Dota Plus exclusive.While the most effective way to earn shards is to have Dota Plus, we’ve enabled the following subset of features to be available for all players:Guild UpdatesWe reintroduced Guilds during the Battle Pass, and we were happy to see how many players participated in Guilds and shared their feedback with us. We are keeping the existing Guilds, but many of the rewards received only worked in the context of the Battle Pass. We’ve redesigned those features so that you can enjoy playing with your guild all the time.Guilds no longer have a Guild Level – instead there is now a weekly leaderboard of guild points earned in a given region. Once a week, guild members will receive their new guild rank and can claim a reward of shards; Dota Plus members earn double the amount of shards. A Guild’s weekly leaderboard position also determines access to special perks that may change over time. The current set of perks is:At the end of the week, all existing guild points will decay by a percentage. This is so that new guilds have a chance to catch up to existing guilds; however, they’ll naturally have to work hard to catch up to the leaders! We want this feature to reward active and engaged guilds working together week-by-week to gain points – so with that in mind we’ll be monitoring and adjusting the weekly decay to achieve that goal. Guild contracts now earn both guild points and shards. All players have access to one contract slot per day, and Dota Plus members have access to a second slot. Guild challenges are still completed in parties of 3+ guild members, and they earn guild points for leaderboard position. Playing a match while in a guild earns guild points, with bonuses for being in parties with your guildmates.All players can participate in a guild, but only Dota Plus members can create them.Ranked SeasonIn the past we’ve seen a bunch of negative aspects to forcing everyone to reset their MMR at the same time. That has been part of our reluctance to continue with resetting every 6 months. However after we’ve expressed this reluctance recently, we’ve gotten a lot of feedback about how valuable they felt this functionality was to them, along with various suggestions to handling this topic.For this season, we are going to try a new approach to MMR resets. We are making the MMR reset optional, and for those who want to participate, we instead spread it out so it doesn’t create too much volatility at the same time (ontop of the volatility that already exists when you enter calibration). We hope this will remove most of the downsides of MMR resets, and let the people that really want to do it be able to do so in a little bit more of a stable environment.Upon logging in, you can go to Settings, and under the Account tab there is a new MMR Recalibration section. To prevent everyone from recalibrating at once, start-times will be spaced out evenly between October 22, 2020 and November 22, 2020 and can be activated anytime until the Season is over. Feel free to press the button the moment it’s available to you, never press it, or warm back up to competitive play before activating it.CommunicationThe community has been wanting us to talk a bit more about things we are working on. There are a variety of reasons we don’t tend to get into those things until something is ready to release, because sometimes plans change, or an idea doesn’t develop into something solid, etc. Sometimes we also aren’t sure about dates yet, and don’t want to set up false expectations for either the scope for an update or to create disappointment if estimations are wrong.That being said, we recognize that sometimes we need to balance that approach with the desire for some information to the community. So we’ll share more information on a few topics below.First is with regards to new heroes. We know the community tends to expect new heroes in the fall each year (usually released around November sometime). We are currently aiming for end of November for a new hero release, followed by more that are spread throughout next year with the next one in the first quarter next year. Recently we’ve been thinking about trying an overall development approach of spreading out updates during the year, rather than only having most content and updates centered around The International. We are hoping a steady state of content will prove to be more engaging to users than the previous approaches.Another area we’ve been doing work on recently is player behavior and toxicity. Some of that has been work we’ve been doing recently in public without patch notes, while some is upcoming stuff that is still in development. We’ve made improvements to our smurf detection systems, and as a result we’ve started separating new accounts from entering the pool of normal and new players. Smurf accounts are now much more likely to play with other smurfs only, this includes parties where only one player is a smurf. They are also likely to inherit any negative behavior scores of their alternate accounts, to limit their negative impact when playing. We’ve also done a few more improvements on making new accounts converge to their correct MMR faster, however there is still more to be done on that front. We have a couple of approaches to solve that which we are working on but they are in the research/experimental stage at this point.We’ve also been ramping up our banning of booster accounts, as we’ve improved detections systems in recent months and gained more confidence in the ability to ban for it. In the past 30 days we’ve banned over 14000 accounts, and have set up systems to continually ban for boosting moving forward. This is an area however that needs constant work and improvements to not stagnate, and some of this will benefit from more advanced detection methods that are also in early research/experimental stages.In terms of toxicity and game ruining behaviors from players, we are working on a new Overwatch style system, similar in some ways to that of CS:GO. We aren’t ready to share more information about this yet, but we will as soon as we are able. We are hoping to get this in the game as soon as possible.Lastly, we’ve done some engine development that results in moderate performance improvements on multi-core CPU’s and will be bringing those to Dota. There’s still a bit of testing to do as it may result in some bugs, but we are aiming towards the next week or so for it. As you can expect, given the code changes required, the release could be a little bit spooky.Today marks the end of The International 10 Battle Pass season. Thank you to everyone who participated and while this year didn’t end with a team hoisting the Aegis, all of us at Valve hope that you and your families remain healthy and we look forward to gathering everyone together for TI10.With the close of the season, we are pleased to announce the results of the 2020 Arcana Vote. This year the community cast millions of votes for two of the purplest heroes in the Dota 2 pool, Faceless Void and Spectre and with a split of 27,475,258 votes to 24,948,538, this year’s Arcana winner is: Spectre. The team will set out to design an Arcana befitting Mercurial, the Spectre, channeling her dark energy into forms heretofore unimagined. How will she haunt her quarry? In what manner can her refraction erode her enemies? When taking aim with her Spectral Dagger, what deadly color will she glow? Yes, purple, obviously, but what SHADE of purple? Sit tight, lavender lovers, plum buffs and violet voters. With time all (or maybe some) of these questions will be answered.Also, next week we’re releasing some new updates to Dota Plus. Among them will be updates to Guilds, a new Dota Plus Season, and a new MMR reset mechanism. Immortal Treasure III is now available, featuring all-new items for Pugna, Clockwerk, Oracle, Treant, Gyrocopter, and Lich.In addition to these items, each of these treasures you open also offers increasing odds of receiving a rare reward of 50 Battle Pass levels, a very rare Golden version of the Pugna item, or the ultra rare Phoenix Wings. As always, there is a cosmically rare chance you’ll discover a Divine Emblem.The Battle Pass will be extended for 3 more weeks, until October 9th, with the results of the Arcana vote revealed at that time (hint: it’s a purple melee carry that can cross distances with ease). During this final stretch, each Battle Pass owner can purchase up to two bundles of 60 levels at a 30% discount.Head over to the Battle Pass page for a preview of the new items and custom effects featured in the treasure.Not even Lyralei herself understood the true extent of her connection with the guardian wind. With no knowledge of her forebears, or memory of her first days, she could but listen for the truth in the whispers of sun-dappled trees around her, or the howling storms that keep even daylight at bay. But as she grew, and her strange connection with the guardian wind became ever stronger, an unease about her origins began to take hold. Unleash the power of the wind with the all-new Compass of the Rising Gale Arcana bundle, available now in The International 10 Battle Pass.This Arcana bundle includes a new model and base items, new animations, a custom channel bar and Focus Fire damage counter, ambient wind effects for both styles, additions to base and Immortal effects for her abilities, new death effects for both Windranger and enemy heroes she takes down, and over 500 new Arcana-exclusive voice lines. Rack up damage on targets you kill using Focus Fire to unlock the Reflections of the Gale alternate style.Learn more at the Compass of the Rising Gale update page.We’ve heard a lot of complaints recently about the state of DPC and we agree that there is more that we should do. We wanted to use this blog to walk you through what happened before, what our thoughts were, and what we will do going forward.Once the extent of the Covid-19 pandemic became clear, we posted about our plans to delay The International and started pre-booking arenas for various alternative dates and countries around the world. We then began researching how to execute The International based on how different pandemic scenarios could play out, with the hope that we’d be able to host it as soon as possible. Since the spring DPC events could no longer operate anymore, we started reaching out to the organizers to see what they wanted to do going forward. Some of those organizers shared their desires to run third party events to cover the period from March through the end of the summer.As we approached the middle of the summer, the volatility of the pandemic had grown significantly and we became very concerned about the impact it would have on future DPC events and The International. The global situation meant that cross regional play would be unlikely for a period of time, and we have since seen scenarios globally in other competitions where teams from certain countries had to be excluded after qualifying due to abrupt travel restrictions and complications. While we had already assumed that having a crowd for the DPC events was not in the cards, we wanted to at least have confidence in being able to bring all teams together for cross region competition. We felt that was a very important component of how we allocate DPC points for The International. We were also unsure of when The International itself would happen, and given the significant lead time needed, the increased spread of the virus made it harder to model out a time frame with confidence. The potential for the DPC season and its narrative feeling too detached from the path towards The International was negative for us. Doing that would also necessitate a DPC point decay system, which in and of itself isn’t a bad thing, but having to abruptly introduce decay mid season if the landscape changes has some additional downsides. Furthermore, we had also received some feedback from a couple of organizers that were either worried about the quality of the broadcast being lower or reluctant to want to operate DPC events in the fall altogether. While neither the cross-region competition nor the relative distance to The International are absolute requirements, we felt the DPC as both a function of The International and also as a coherent product for fans would be better served by holding off on them for now. Given that, our plan was that we’d make the upcoming months open and clear for other leagues and events to operate. Our approach historically has been to want third party tournaments to be able to exist outside of The International (though the degree of that has been fluid over the years as demands from fans and players for more structured circuits to lead to TI increased). Our hope was that we could both achieve a better and more coherent relationship between DPC and TI by approaching it this way as well as still allowing for third party events to have an impact, with the overall end result for fans still being that there would be entertaining content to watch in the fall.Soon after we announced that we were not immediately proceeding with DPC as planned, we received a lot of negative feedback from fans. We think that a lot of the points that were raised were reasonable criticisms towards us, especially because we did not communicate what our intentions were, and what they could expect in the future.For this upcoming competitive season, there are going to be at least four third party events and leagues in EU/CIS events, three in China, and a few others that are still in the preliminary planning stages and are not able to commit at this time. However, there are still going to be a lot of teams, casters, organizers and fans around the world that are not going to be meaningfully served based on the current trajectory and that is our fault for not pushing on those and supporting them enough.With that in mind, we’ve started reaching out to many more tournament organizers to offer help and financial support in order to be able to create increased coverage globally for the remainder of the year. We expect that these events will be gradually announced over the remaining season as soon as they are ready to communicate to fans and teams.Another piece of feedback we got from players as well as fans was wanting more clarity in what we were thinking were the likely dates for DPC and TI to resume. Our outlook right now is that we are anticipating the start of DPC to be in the first month or two of 2021. Our hope is that by the time the first DPC league concludes, travel limitations will be more predictable and spontaneous restrictions will be less likely, thus allowing for Majors with cross-region competition to happen. We are also operating under the assumption that the most likely outcome is for The International to happen in Stockholm in August 2021. While we have other countries as backups, we recognize that fans would be upset if we moved it to another location if the time savings weren’t meaningful enough.We’ve also heard your feedback and concerns around Dota TV streaming rights. This has been a topic we’ve discussed openly in the past and, as we gathered more data, our thoughts have evolved slightly. We ultimately still believe that community streamers providing their own commentary of a tournament is a net positive value to fans and the competitive scene. We also believe that in the long term, the tournament themselves benefit from additional exposure to fans of those community streamers. However, it is true that this can cause a short term loss of revenue as well as a reduced ability to monetize more effectively for tournament organizers. Starting September 15, the Dota license will be updated to reflect the following: Organizers that run Dota 2 Tournaments will have to provide community streamers with a reasonable and simple to execute set of non-monetary requirements, such as displaying the organizers sponsors on their streams or having a slight delay on the games. Community streamers will be able to use the DotaTV feed in their broadcast as long as they agree to those requirements. We believe this will provide more certainty and confidence to community streamers to be able to cast without a lot of turmoil, while at the same time protecting some key interests that tournament organizers have. To avoid possible last minute issues, we would advise casters that want to stream a tournament, to coordinate with the organizer in advance to ensure they are able to fulfill the requirements presented. Tournament organizers and relevant parties that have questions, feel free to reach out to us at [email protected]From deep inside the toy box, a frightening plaything joins the fray. Available now to all Battle Pass owners who reach level 255, the new Toy Butcher Persona for Pudge features an all-new model, animations, and voice performance.Feared amongst the fluff-stuffed denizens of the toy box, The Toy Butcher stalks the corners and shadows of the bin, always on the hunt for his next kill. Every toy knows that once the butcher gets his hook in you, your stuffing and your life are forfeit – like as not to be left strewn about the lanes as the plushy monster jaunts happily away from your lonely, ragged remains. Claim the new persona now in your Battle Pass and don’t forget to pick up the Voice of The International Announcer Pack on your way, available to all Battle Pass Owners at level 75 and above, to herald your next victory.Ya está aquí la temporada de otoño y nos complace anunciar las actualizaciones de Dota Plus y los clanes. La temporada comienza hoy y durará hasta principios de diciembre de 2020.Tesoro otoñal 2020Los miembros de Dota Plus ahora pueden comprar un tesoro nuevo con fragmentos. Este tesoro incluye 12 sets creados por la comunidad para Nyx Assassin, Leshrac, Medusa, Vengeful Spirit, Weaver, Clockwerk, Faceless Void, Doom, Sven, Axe, Crystal Maiden y Tusk. Además, incluye la reintroducción de Gemas Etéreas y Prismáticas, con el muy raro mensajero Blazing Hatchling que ya viene equipado con una gema aleatoria de cada una de ellas. Nuestro plan en este momento es tener un nuevo tesoro estacional que se pueda comprar con fragmentos cada 3 meses. El próximo tesoro estará disponible el 1 de diciembre y, a partir de ahí, otro nuevo cada 3 meses. Esto también se alineará con las misiones y terrenos estacionales. Actualizaciones de Dota PlusAdemás de las formas existentes de ganar fragmentos, los miembros de Dota Plus pueden ganar hasta 57 850 en una nueva temporada de misiones para el otoño de 2020. Estos fragmentos adicionales te dan la moneda que necesitas para aprovechar el tesoro estacional. Los miembros de Dota Plus ahora pueden usar el nuevo Asistente de roles para colocar a los héroes en la cuadrícula. Según la comunidad de Dota vaya encontrando nuevas y diferentes formas de jugar con los héroes, el nuevo Asistente de roles irá registrando automáticamente las elecciones de cada héroe en el emparejamiento clasificatorio con roles y mostrará a los héroes en los roles en los que son más elegidos. Estos datos se actualizan automáticamente para resaltar las últimas tendencias y se pueden filtrar por clasificación de MMR.Varias características del pase de batalla también se han incluido en Dota Plus:También hemos aumentado de 16 a 25 el número de jugadores que pueden aparecer en la lista de jugadores a evitar.Fragmentos para todosQueremos que todos los jugadores disfruten de ganar y usar los fragmentos, así que hemos cambiado la divisa para que esté a disposición de todos los jugadores, en lugar de que sea una exclusiva de Dota Plus.Aunque la manera más efectiva de obtener fragmentos sea tener Dota Plus, hemos habilitado el siguiente subconjunto de características para que estén a disposición de todos los jugadores:Actualizaciones de clanHemos reintroducido los clanes durante el pase de batalla, y nos ha complacido ver cuántos jugadores participaron en los clanes y compartieron sus experiencias con nosotros. Mantendremos los clanes existentes, pero muchas de las recompensas recibidas solo funcionaron en el contexto del pase de batalla. Hemos rediseñado esas características para que puedas disfrutar jugando con tu clan todo el tiempo.Los clanes ya no tendrán un nivel de clan; en lugar de ello ahora se cuenta con un marcador semanal de puntos de clan en cada región determinada. Una vez por semana, los miembros de los clanes recibirán su nueva clasificación de clan y podrán reclamar una recompensa de fragmentos; los miembros de Dota Plus obtienen el doble de la cantidad de fragmentos. Una posición en el marcador semanal de clanes también determina el acceso a ventajas especiales que podrían cambiar con el tiempo. El conjunto actual de ventajas es:Al final de la semana, todos los puntos del clan existentes se reducirán en un porcentaje. Esto es para que los nuevos clanes tengan la oportunidad de nivelarse con los clanes existentes; sin embargo ¡ellos naturalmente tendrán que trabajar mucho para alcanzar a los líderes! Queremos que esta característica recompense a los clanes activos y comprometidos en trabajar juntos semana a semana para obtener puntos; tomando esto en consideración, vamos a controlar y ajustar el declive semanal para lograr ese objetivo. Los contratos de clanes ahora reciben tanto puntos de clanes como fragmentos. Todos los jugadores tienen acceso a un espacio de contrato al día, y los miembros de Dota Plus tienen acceso a un segundo espacio. Los desafíos de clanes aún se completan en grupos de 3 o más miembros del clan, y obtienen puntos de clan por su posición en el marcador. Al jugar una partida cuando estás en un clan, obtienes puntos de clan, con bonificaciones por estar en grupos con tus compañeros de clan.Todos los jugadores pueden participar en un clan, pero solo los miembros de Dota Plus pueden crearlos.Temporada competitivaEn el pasado, hemos visto varios aspectos negativos que forzaban a todos a reiniciar su MMR al mismo tiempo. Esto ha contribuido a nuestra renuencia de continuar reiniciando cada 6 meses. Pero después de haber expresado esta preocupación, hemos recibido bastantes opiniones acerca del valor que tiene su funcionalidad junto con varias sugerencias de cómo lidiar con el tema.Por esta razón, vamos a probar una manera distinta de lidiar con los reinicios de MMR. De ahora en adelante, el reinicio de MMR es opcional. Para aquellos que lo quieran realizar, se hará repartido en el tiempo para que no cree demasiada inestabilidad (además de la que ya existe durante la calibración). Esperemos que esto elimine la mayoría de las desventajas que causaba el reinicio de MMR y que la gente que esté realmente interesada en hacerlo tenga un entorno un poco más estable.Después de ingresar, puedes ir a tus Preferencias y dentro de la pestaña de Cuenta encontrarás una nueva sección de calibración de MMR. Para prevenir que todo el mundo recalibre al mismo tiempo, las fechas de inicio tendrán intervalos entre el 22 de octubre y el 22 de noviembre de 2020, y se podrá activar en cualquier momento hasta que termine la temporada. No dudes en usar ese botón en el momento en que esté disponible para ti, o si prefieres un pequeño calentamiento competitivo antes de activarlo.ComunicaciónLa comunidad ha querido hablar con nosotros un poco más respecto a las cosas en las que estamos trabajando. Hay una variedad de razones por las que no atendemos esos detalles hasta que algo esté listo para ser lanzado, o que una idea no se desarrolle en algo que valga la pena, etc. A veces ni siquiera nosotros estamos seguros de las fechas, no queremos crear falsas expectativas sobre la calidad de una actualización o decepcionar si nuestras estimaciones eran incorrectas.Dicho esto, reconocemos que a veces necesitamos balancear esa visión con la información que la comunidad desea que le demos. Así que a continuación compartiremos más información sobre algunos temas.Primero, en lo que se refiere a los nuevos héroes. Sabemos que la comunidad espera nuevos héroes todos los años en otoño (usualmente los lanzados en algún momento en noviembre). Actualmente tenemos como meta finales de noviembre para el lanzamiento de un nuevo héroe, seguido de otros que aparecerán durante el próximo año, con el primero de ellos en el primer trimestre. Recientemente hemos estado pensando en probar un enfoque de desarrollo general para repartir las actualizaciones durante el año, en lugar de solamente tener la mayor parte del contenido y actualizaciones en torno a The International. Esperamos que la distribución de actualizaciones sea más atractiva que los enfoques anteriores para los usuarios.Otra área en la que hemos estado trabajando es en el comportamiento y toxicidad de los jugadores. Parte de ello han sido ajustes que hemos hecho en la versión actual sin notas de parche, aunque algunas partes todavía están en desarrollo. Hemos logrado mejoras en nuestros sistemas de detección de cuentas de expertos y, como resultado, hemos comenzado a evitar el ingreso de cuentas nuevas entre el grupo de jugadores con un nivel normal y nuevos. Ahora las cuentas de expertos tienen más probabilidades de jugar solo con otros expertos, incluyendo grupos en los que solo un jugador es experto. También es más probable que estos hereden puntos por comportamiento negativo de sus cuentas alternativas, para limitar su impacto negativo cuando jueguen. También hemos hecho unas cuantas mejoras más en hacer que las cuentas nuevas pasen a sus MMR correctos con mayor rapidez, aunque aún hay mucho que hacer al respecto. Tenemos un par de enfoques por resolver en los que estamos trabajando, pero en estos momentos están en la etapa experimental y de investigación.También hemos fortalecido nuestro bloqueo de cuentas de bonificación, en la medida en que en los últimos meses hemos mejorado los sistemas de detección y obtenido mayor confianza en la habilidad de bloquearlas. En los últimos 30 días hemos bloqueado más de 14 000 cuentas, y hemos establecido sistemas para bloquear continuamente e impulsar nuestro progreso. Sin embargo, esta es un área que necesita de constante trabajo y mejoras para que no se estanque, y en parte se beneficiará de métodos de detección más avanzados que también están en etapas tempranas de investigación y experimentación.En términos de toxicidad y comportamientos que echen a perder el juego por parte de los jugadores, estamos trabajando en un nuevo sistema estilo Overwatch, similar en muchas maneras al de CS:GO. No estamos listos para ofrecer más información sobre este asunto, pero lo haremos tan pronto como podamos. Esperamos tener esto disponible en el juego lo antes posible.Finalmente, hemos trabajado en el desarrollo del motor que ha resultado en mejoras moderadas en el rendimiento de las CPU de núcleo múltiple y las aplicaremos a Dota. Todavía hay unas pocas pruebas por hacer, ya que puede dar algunos fallos, pero apuntamos hacia la próxima semana. Como es de esperar, dados los cambios de código necesarios, el lanzamiento podría ser un poco espeluznante.Hoy marca la conclusión de la temporada del pase de batalla de The International 10. Gracias a todos los que participaron y, aunque este año no terminó con un equipo levantando el Aegis, todos en Valve esperamos que cada uno de vosotros —incluidas las familias— se mantenga saludable, y también esperamos poder reunirnos todos para TI 10.Con la clausura de la temporada, nos complace anunciar los resultados de la votación arcana de 2020. Este año la comunidad emitió millones de votos por dos de los héroes más púrpura en la lista de Dota 2, Faceless Void y Spectre, y con una decisión de 27 475 258 votos contra 24 948 538, el ganador de la arcana de este año es: Spectre. El equipo emprenderá el diseño de un Mercurial digno de la arcana, el Spectre, transformando su oscura energía en formas nunca antes imaginadas. ¿Cómo perseguirá a su presa? ¿De qué manera podrá su refracción debilitar a sus enemigos? ¿De qué color resplandecerá cuando apunte a sus enemigos con su Daga Espectral? Sí, obviamente púrpura, ¿pero en qué TONO de púrpura? Los amantes de la lavanda, los fanáticos del morado y los votantes del violeta van a tener que esperar pacientemente. Solo con el tiempo, se dará respuesta a todas (o tal vez solo algunas) de estas preguntas.Además, la próxima semana lanzaremos algunas nuevas actualizaciones para Dota Plus. Entre ellas habrá actualizaciones a los clanes, una nueva Temporada de Dota Plus y un nuevo mecanismo para reiniciar el MMR. El Tesoro Inmortal III ya está disponible e incluye nuevos objetos para Pugna, Clockwerk, Oracle, Treant, Gyrocopter y Lich.Además de estos objetos, cada tesoro que abres aumenta las posibilidades de recibir una recompensa rara con 50 niveles de pase de batalla, una versión dorada muy rara del objeto de Pugna o alas de Phoenix ultrarraras. Como siempre, hay una posibilidad cósmicamente rara de que descubras un Emblema Divino.El pase de batalla se extenderá 3 semanas más, hasta el 9 de octubre, fecha en la que se revelarán los resultados de la votación arcana (pista: es púrpura y puede atravesar distancias con facilidad). Durante estos últimos días, los poseedores del pase de batalla pueden comprar hasta dos paquetes de 60 niveles cada uno con un 30 % de descuento.Dirígete a la página del pase de batalla para obtener una vista previa de los nuevos objetos y efectos personalizados incluidos en este tesoro.Ni la misma Lyralei entendía lo profundo de su conexión con el viento guardián. Sin saber nada de sus antepasados ni tener recuerdos de sus primeros días de vida, ella buscaba la verdad en el susurro de los árboles soleados que la rodeaban o en las tempestades que oscurecían el día. Pero a medida que crecía, y su conexión con el viento guardián se hacía más fuerte, la inquietud sobre sus orígenes comenzaba a afianzarse. Desata el poder del viento con el nuevo pack arcano Brújula del Vendaval en Ascenso, ya disponible en el pase de batalla de The International 10.Este paquete arcano incluye un nuevo modelo y objetos básicos, nuevas animaciones, barra canalizadora y un contador de daño para Fuego Concentrado personalizados, efectos ambientales de vientos para ambos estilos, adiciones a los efectos básicos e inmortales para sus habilidades, nuevos efectos de muerte para Windranger y los héroes enemigos que elimine y más de 500 diálogos exclusivos arcanos. Acumula daño en los objetivos que elimines usando Fuego Concentrado para desbloquear el estilo alternativo Reflejos del Vendaval.Obtén más información en la página de la actualización Brújula del Vendaval en Ascenso.Últimamente hemos escuchado un montón de quejas sobre el estado del circuito profesional de Dota, y estamos de acuerdo en que deberíamos hacer más. Nos gustaría usar este blog para hablaros sobre lo que ha estado pasando, cuáles han sido nuestras reflexiones y lo que vamos a hacer a partir de ahora.Una vez que comprendimos el alcance de la pandemia del Covid-19, anunciamos nuestros planes de retrasar The International y empezamos a reservar recintos para varios días y países alternativos de todo el mundo. Luego empezamos a investigar cómo llevar a cabo The International dependiendo de la evolución de la pandemia en distintos escenarios, con la esperanza de poder celebrarlo lo antes posible. Como los eventos del circuito profesional de Dota ya no iban a poder realizarse, empezamos a contactar a los organizadores para ver qué iban a querer hacer más adelante. Algunos de esos organizadores expresaron su deseo de realizar eventos organizados por terceros para tener cubierto desde marzo hasta el final del verano.Según nos hemos ido acercado a la mitad del verano, la inestabilidad de la pandemia ha ido creciendo significativamente por lo que nos encontramos muy preocupados con el impacto que podría tener en próximos eventos del circuito profesional de Dota y en The International. La situación global significaba que los eventos interregionales no iban a poder realizarse a corto plazo y, desde entonces, se han visto casos a nivel mundial, en otras competiciones, donde equipos de ciertos países han tenido que ser excluidos después de clasificarse debido a repentinas restricciones y complicaciones para viajar. Aunque ya habíamos asumido que tener una multitud para los eventos del circuito profesional de Dota no era posible, queríamos al menos estar seguros de poder reunir a todos los equipos para la competición interregional. Nos pareció que era un aspecto importante de cómo íbamos a asignar los puntos del circuito profesional de Dota en The International. Tampoco estábamos seguros de cuándo se realizaría The International. Preparar un evento así requiere tiempo y la creciente propagación del virus hicieron más complicado establecer un marco de tiempo fiable. La posibilidad de que la temporada del circuito profesional de Dota se alejara del camino hacia The International fue negativa para nosotros. Hacer eso también implicaría introducir un sistema de caducidad de puntos del circuito profesional de Dota que, en sí mismo, no es algo malo, pero tener que introducirlo súbitamente a mitad de temporada si la situación cambiara sí tendría algunas desventajas. Además, también habíamos recibido algunos comentarios de un par de organizadores a los que les preocupaba que la calidad de las retransmisiones fuera más baja o eran reacios a organizar eventos del circuito profesional de Dota durante el otoño. Aunque ni la competición interregional ni la distancia relativa a The International son requisitos absolutos, consideramos que el circuito profesional de Dota forma parte de The International y es un producto coherente para los fans, y que sería mejor pausarlos por el momento. Dicho esto, nuestro plan era dejar los próximos meses libres y disponibles para que se realizaran otras ligas y eventos. Siempre hemos querido que los torneos realizados por terceros pudieran realizarse fuera de The International (aunque esto ha fluido a lo largo de los años, ya que han aumentado las demandas de fans y jugadores de tener canales más estructurados que conduzcan al TI). Teníamos la esperanza de poder establecer una mejor y más coherente relación entre el circuito profesional de Dota y The International mientras permitíamos que los eventos de terceros tuvieran un impacto. Se buscaba que los fans aún pudieran disfrutar de contenido durante el otoño.Poco después de que anunciamos que no íbamos a proceder de inmediato con el circuito profesional de Dota como estaba planeado, recibimos muchos comentarios negativos de los fans. Creemos que muchos de los puntos que se plantearon fueron críticas razonables hacia nosotros, especialmente porque no les comunicamos cuáles eran nuestras intenciones y qué podían esperar en el futuro.Para esta próxima temporada competitiva, habrá al menos cuatro eventos y ligas de terceros en eventos de la UE/CEI, tres en China y algunos otros que todavía están en las etapas de planificación preliminar y no pueden comprometerse en este momento. Sin embargo, todavía habrá muchos equipos, presentadores, organizadores y fans en todo el mundo que no serán atendidos de manera significativa según la trayectoria actual y esa es culpa nuestra por no avanzar y apoyarlos lo suficiente.Con eso en mente, comenzamos a contactar a muchos más organizadores de torneos para ofrecer ayuda y apoyo financiero con el fin de poder crear una mayor cobertura a nivel mundial durante el resto del año. Esperamos que estos eventos se anuncien gradualmente durante la temporada restante tan pronto como estén listos para comunicarse con los fans y los equipos.Otro comentario que recibimos tanto de los jugadores como de los fans fue que querían más claridad sobre lo que pensábamos eran las fechas probables para que el circuito profesional de Dota y el The International se reanudaran. Nuestra previsión en este momento es anticipar que el inicio del circuito profesional de Dota será en el primer o segundo mes de 2021. Nuestra esperanza es que para cuando concluya la primera liga del circuito profesional de Dota, las limitaciones de viaje serán más predecibles y las restricciones repentinas serán menos probables, lo que permitirá que los Majors se puedan realizar entre regiones. También estamos operando bajo el supuesto de que el resultado más probable es que The International tenga lugar en Estocolmo en agosto de 2021. Si bien tenemos otros países en la recámara, reconocemos que los fans se molestarían si lo moviéramos a otra ubicación si el ahorro de tiempo no fuera lo suficientemente significativo.También escuchamos tus comentarios e inquietudes sobre los derechos de retransmisión de Dota TV. Este ha sido un tema que hemos discutido abiertamente en el pasado y, a medida que recopilamos más información, nuestras opiniones han evolucionado un poco. Básicamente, todavía creemos que los emisores de la comunidad que brindan sus propios comentarios sobre un torneo son un valor neto positivo para los fans y la escena competitiva. También creemos que, a largo plazo, el propio torneo se beneficia de una visibilidad adicional a los fans de esos emisores de la comunidad. Sin embargo, es cierto que esto puede causar una pérdida de ingresos a corto plazo, así como una capacidad reducida de monetizar de manera más efectiva para los organizadores de los torneos. A partir del 15 de septiembre, la licencia de Dota se actualizará para reflejar lo siguiente: Los organizadores que realicen torneos de Dota 2 deberán proporcionar a los emisores de la comunidad un conjunto razonable de requisitos no monetarios y simples de ejecutar, tales como mostrar a los patrocinadores de los organizadores en sus retransmisiones o tener un ligero retraso en las partidas. Los emisores de la comunidad podrán usar la retransmisión de DotaTV en su retransmisión siempre y cuando estén de acuerdo con esos requisitos. Creemos que esto brindará más certeza y confianza a los emisores de la comunidad para poder retransmitir sin mucho lío, mientras que al mismo tiempo protegerá algunos intereses claves que tienen los organizadores del torneo. Para evitar posibles problemas de última hora, le recomendamos a los presentadores que deseen retransmitir un torneo el coordinarse con el organizador de forma anticipada, para así asegurarse de que pueden cumplir con los requisitos presentados. Los organizadores de torneos y las partes interesadas que tengan preguntas, pueden comunicarse con nosotros a través de [email protected]Desde lo más profundo de la caja de juguetes, un juguete aterrador se une a la refriega. Ya disponible para aquellos que alcancen el nivel 255 del pase de batalla, el nuevo personaje «El Carnicero de Peluche» para Pudge presenta un modelo completamente nuevo, nuevas animaciones y nuevas líneas de voz.Temido entre los habitantes rellenos de felpa de la caja de juguetes, El Carnicero de Peluche acecha las esquinas y sombras de la caja, siempre en busca de su próxima víctima. Todos los juguetes saben que si el carnicero te atrapa con su gancho, perderás tu relleno y tu vida. Quedarás esparcido por las sendas mientras el monstruo de felpa se aleja felizmente de tus restos rasgados.Obtén el nuevo personaje en tu pase de batalla y no olvides conseguir el pack de locutores de The International disponible para los dueños del pase de batalla que logren llegar al nivel 75 para poder anunciar tu victoria.Die Herbstsaison ist da und wir freuen uns, ein Update von Dota Plus und der Gildenfunktion zu präsentieren. Die Saison beginnt heute und wird bis Anfang Dezember 2020 laufen.Herbstlicher Schatz 2020Dota-Plus-Mitglieder können nun einen neuen Schatz mit Splittern kaufen. Der Schatz enthält 12 Sets aus der Community für Nyx Assassin, Leshrac, Medusa, Vengeful Spirit, Weaver, Clockwerk, Faceless Void, Doom, Sven, Axe, Crystal Maiden und Tusk. Mit ihm werden außerdem Ätherische und Prismatische Edelsteine wiedereingeführt – der sehr seltene Kurier „Flammendes Küken“ kommt mit jeweils einem zufälligen ausgerüstet. Unser derzeitiger Plan ist, alle drei Monate einen neuen saisonalen Schatz zum Kauf mit Splittern hinzuzufügen. Der nächste Schatz wird demnach am 1. Dezember veröffentlicht, der nächste drei Monate später und so weiter. Saisonale Quests und saisonale Terrains werden dem gleichen Rhythmus folgen. Updates für Dota PlusZusätzlich zu den klassischen Methoden, Splitter zu verdienen, warten für Dota-Plus-Mitglieder im Herbst 2020 jetzt 57.850 weitere als Belohnung für saisonale Quests. Die Bonussplitter sind eine optimale Grundlage, um den saisonalen Schatz voll auszukosten. Dota-Plus-Mitglieder können jetzt ihr Heldengitter vom neuen Rollenassistenten anordnen lassen. Wenn die Dota-Community neue kreative Wege findet, bestimmte Helden zu spielen, wird der Rollenassistent in der Rollenrangliste darüber Buch führen und Helden in ihrer jeweils meistgespielten Rolle anzeigen. Die Statistik aktualisiert sich automatisch und zeigt jeweils den aktuellen Trend, filterbar nach MMW-Rang.Diverse Funktionen des Schlachtenpasses wurden ebenfalls in Dota Plus übernommen:Wir haben außerdem die maximale Zahl zu meidender Spieler von 16 auf 25 erhöht.Splitter für alleWir wollen, dass alle Spieler sich am Verdienen und Ausgeben von Splittern erfreuen können, also haben wir diese ehemalige Dota-Plus-Währung für alle geöffnet.Dota Plus ist immer noch der effektivste Weg, Splitter zu verdienen, aber ein Teil der Funktionen steht jetzt allen Spielern zur Verfügung:Updates für GildenWährend des Schlachtenpasses haben wir Gilden wiedereingeführt und waren froh zu sehen, wie viele Spieler sich Gilden angeschlossen und ihr Feedback mit uns geteilt haben. Wir werden die bestehenden Gilden beibehalten, allerdings ergaben viele der Belohnungen nur im Kontext des Schlachtenpasses Sinn. Damit Ihnen das Spielen in der Gilde auch weiterhin Spaß macht, haben wir ein paar Änderungen vorgenommen.Gilden haben keinen Level mehr. Stattdessen gibt es nun eine wöchentliche Rangliste der in der jeweiligen Region erspielten Gildenpunkte. Gildenmitglieder erfahren einmal pro Woche den neuen Rang ihrer Gilde und erhalten Splitter zur Belohnung. Dota-Plus-Mitglieder verdienen doppelte Splitter. Die Position einer Gilde auf der wöchentlichen Rangliste bestimmt auch ihren Zugriff auf besondere Vorteile, die sich im Verlauf der Zeit ändern können. Aktuelle Vorteile:Am Ende der Woche verfällt ein Anteil der Gildenpunkte. So haben neue Gilden die Chance, zu bestehenden Gilden aufzuholen – keine leichte Aufgabe und mit harter Arbeit verbunden, aber möglich! Wir möchten mit dieser Funktion aktive und engagierte Gilden belohnen, die Woche für Woche zusammenarbeiten, um Punkte zu sammeln. In diesem Sinne werden wir den wöchentlichen Verfall weiter anpassen, um dieses Ziel zu erreichen. Gilden erhalten für Aufträge nun sowohl Gildenpunkte als auch Splitter. Alle Spieler können pro Tag einen Auftrag annehmen, Dota-Plus-Mitglieder sogar zwei. Gildenherausforderungen müssen nach wie vor von mindestens drei Mitgliedern einer Gilde gemeistert werden. Zur Belohnung erhalten sie Gildenpunkte für ihre Position auf der Rangliste. Jede Partie generiert Gildenpunkte, Gruppen aus Gildenmitgliedern verdienen Bonuspunkte.Alle Spieler können sich einer Gilde anschließen, doch nur Dota-Plus-Mitglieder können eine Gilde gründen.RanglistensaisonIn der Vergangenheit sind uns einige negative Aspekte aufgefallen, wenn wir alle Spieler dazu zwingen, ihre MMW zur selben Zeit neu zu kalibrieren. Auch aus diesem Grund haben wir gezögert, den Wert weiterhin alle sechs Monate zurückzusetzen. Aber nachdem wir unsere Zurückhaltung vor kurzem kundtaten, erhielten wie eine Menge Feedback von Spielern, die diese Funktion für sehr wertvoll halten, und allerlei Vorschläge, wie wir damit umgehen sollen.In dieser nächsten Saison möchten wir einen neuen Ansatz testen. Ab sofort haben Spieler die Wahl, ob sie ihren MMW zurücksetzen oder nicht. Für alle, die sich dafür entscheiden, wird dies zu unterschiedlichen Zeiten vorgenommen, um allzu viel Instabilität zur selben Zeit zu vermeiden (eine Neukalibrierung erzeugt ebenfalls eine Menge Instabilität). Wir hoffen so die meisten Nachteile des Zurücksetzens ausbügeln und Spielern, die sich dafür entscheiden, möglichst stabile Bedingungen liefern zu können.Unter Einstellungen > Account gibt es jetzt den neuen Abschnitt „MMW neu kalibieren“. Damit nicht alle gleichzeitig neu kalibrieren, werden die Startzeiten gleichmäßig zwischen dem 22. Oktober und dem 22. November 2020 verteilt. Ab dann kann die Kalibrierung bis zum Ende der Saison jederzeit aktiviert werden. Sie haben die Wahl, den Knopf, sobald verfügbar oder auch nie zu drücken, oder Sie wärmen erst wieder Ihr Ranglistenkönnen auf, bevor Sie ihn aktivieren.KommunikationDie Community möchte gerne, dass wir ein wenig mehr über die Dinge reden, an denen wir gerade arbeiten. Aus diversen Gründen halten wir uns mit so was in der Regel zurück, bis etwas bereit zur Veröffentlichung ist. Manchmal ändern sich Pläne oder eine Idee entwickelt sich nicht in etwas Handfestes. Manchmal sind wir uns auch beim Zeitrahmen noch nicht sicher, wollen keine falschen Erwartungen bezüglich der Größe eines Updates wecken oder enttäuschte Erwartungen auslösen.Gleichzeitig erkennen wir das Verlangen der Community nach wenigstens einigen Informationen an und möchten deshalb im Folgenden einige Aspekte ansprechen.Zunächst etwas zu neuen Helden. Wir wissen, dass die Community im Herbst jeden Jahres neue Helden erwartet (veröffentlicht gewöhnlich etwa im November). Wir peilen derzeit Ende November für einen neuen Helden an und möchten weitere über das nächste Jahr verteilt veröffentlichen, beginnend im ersten Quartal. In letzter Zeit haben wir auch über unsere allgemeine Entwicklungsstrategie nachgedacht und möchten nun neue Inhalte mehr über das ganze Jahr verteilen, statt den Schwerpunkt bei The International zu setzen. Wir hoffen, dass ein beständiges Hinzukommen neuer Inhalte Spieler stärker einbindet als unser bisheriger Ansatz.Ein weiterer Bereich, in den wir kürzlich Arbeit investiert haben, ist Spielerverhalten und Toxizität. Manche Änderungen haben wir bereits ohne Patchnotes ins Spiel übernommen, andere sind noch in Entwicklung. Wir haben unsere Systeme zur Smurf-Erkennung verbessert und trennen nun neue Accounts von normalen und neuen Spielern. Smurf-Accounts spielen jetzt sehr viel häufiger nur gegen andere Smurfs, auch wenn eine Gruppe nur einen Smurf enthält. Sie erben jetzt auch alle negativen Verhaltenswertungen ihrer Alternativaccounts, sodass ihr negativer Einfluss im Spiel begrenzt wird. Weitere Verbesserungen sollen dafür sorgen, dass sich neue Accounts schneller ihrem wahren MMW annähern, allerdings sind hier noch nicht alle Möglichkeiten erschöpft. Wir haben hier bereits einige Lösungsansätze, diese befinden sich aktuell aber noch in der Test- bzw. experimentellen Phase.In den letzten Monaten haben wir außerdem unsere Ausschlussinitiative gegenüber Booster-Accounts mit einer Verbesserung unserer Erkennungssysteme ausgebaut und können einen Bann nun mit größerer Gewissheit verhängen. In den letzten 30 Tagen haben wir über 14000 Accounts gebannt und Mechanismen eingebaut, um in Zukunft kontinuierlich Boosting weiter mit Banns zu bestrafen. Dieser Bereich muss allerdings konstant weiter entwickelt und verbessert werden. Einige fortgeschrittene Erkennungsmethoden sind aber bereits in der frühen/experimentellen Phase.Was toxisches Verhalten und absichtliches Ruinieren von Spielen angeht, so arbeiten wir an einem ähnlichen Ansatz wie das Overwatch-System von CS:GO. Hierzu haben wir derzeit keine weiteren Informationen, aber diese werden in Kürze folgen. Wir hoffen, dass wir diese Funktion schnellstmöglich ins Spiel integrieren können.Zu guter Letzt haben wir die Engine etwas weiterentwickelt und so die Leistung mit Multikernprozessoren moderat verbessert. Es stehen noch einige Tests aus, um Bugs zu vermeiden, aber wir planen für nächste Woche eine Veröffentlichung. Wegen der nötigen Änderungen am Code könnte der Tag des Updates allerdings etwas … gruselig werden.Heute endet die Schlachtenpass-Saison zu The International 10. Wir danken allen für ihre Teilnahme. Obgleich dieses Jahr am Ende kein Team die Ägis stolz emporheben konnte, hoffen wir alle hier bei Valve, dass Sie und Ihre Familien gesund bleiben. Wir freuen uns, alle bei TI10 wiederzusehen.Nun, da die Saison zu Ende ist, können wir auch endlich das Ergebnis der Arkana-Abstimmung 2020 verkünden. Dieses Jahr hat die Community Millionen von Stimmen für zwei der lilasten Helden des Dota-2-Kaders abgegeben: Faceless Void und Spectre. Mit einem Vorsprung von 27.475.258 zu 24.948.538 Stimmen geht der Sieg an: Spectre. Das Team nimmt sich nun der Aufgabe an, ein Arkana zu entwerfen, das Mercurial, dem Schemen angemessen ist und ihre dunkle Energie in bisher unbekannten Formen kanalisiert. Wie wird sie ihre Opfer quälen? Auf welche Art und Weise wird ihre Refraktion ihre Gegner brechen? In welchen tödlichen Farben wird sie glühen, wenn sie ihr Ziel mit ihrem Spektralen Dolch anvisiert? Ja, natürlich in Lila, aber in welcher SCHATTIERUNG von Lila? Nicht verzagen, sehr geehrte Lavendelliebhaber, Pflaumenphilantropen und Violettvorzieher. Gedulden Sie sich und alle (oder vielleicht doch nur ein paar) dieser Fragen werden beantwortet.Des Weiteren gibt es nächste Woche neue Informationen zu Dota Plus. Unter anderem Updates zu Gilden, einer neuen Dota-Plus-Saison und einem neuen Mechanismus zum Zurücksetzen der MMW. Immortal-Schatz III ist jetzt verfügbar, mit neuen Gegenständen für Pugna, Clockwerk, Oracle, Treant, Gyrocopter und Lich.Mit jedem geöffneten Schatz erhöht sich außerdem Ihre Chance, ein seltenes Paket mit 50 Schlachtenpassleveln, eine sehr seltene goldene Version des Pugna-Gegenstands oder ultraseltene Flügel für Phoenix zu erhalten. Und wie immer finden Sie mit ganz viel Glück vielleicht sogar ein Emblem der Göttlichkeit.Der Schlachtenpass wird für weitere 3 Wochen, bis zum 9. Oktober, verlängert und auch der Gewinner der Arkana-Abstimmung wird erst dann enthüllt (Tipp: der betreffende Held ist lila, Nahkämpfer, Carry und kommt schnell von A nach B). Während dieser finalen Phase können alle Schlachtenpassbesitzer je zwei Pakete zu je 60 Leveln mit einem 30%-igen Rabatt erwerben.Sie können alle neuen Gegenstände und Effekte dieses Schatzes auf der Website des Schlachtenpasses bewundern.Noch nicht einmal Lyralei selbst versteht die Tiefe ihrer Verbindung mit dem Wächterwind. Ohne das Wissen ihrer Ahnen oder Erinnerungen an ihre frühen Tage konnte sie nur im Flüstern der sonnenbefleckten Bäume nach Wahrheit suchen – oder in den heulenden Stürmen, die sogar das Licht des Tages in Schach zu halten vermögen. Doch je älter sie wurde, desto stärker wurde auch ihre Verbindung mit dem Wächterwind und die Frage nach ihrer Herkunft nagte mehr und mehr. Entfesseln Sie die Kraft des Windes mit dem neuen Arkanapaket „Kompass des aufziehenden Sturmes“, exklusiv verfügbar im Schlachtenpass zu The International.Das Arkanapaket enthält ein neues Modell inklusive neuer Basisgegenstände, neue Animationen, eine angepasste Kanalisierungsleiste, ein Zähler für Focus-Fire-Schaden, Windeffekte für beide Stile, neue Effekte für ihre Fähigkeiten sowie die Immortal-Varianten, neue Todeseffekte für Windranger und von ihr getötete gegnerische Helden sowie über 500 neue exklusive Heldensprüche. Sammeln Sie Schaden auf mit Focus Fire getöteten Zielen, um den alternativen Stil „Reflexionen des Sturms“ freizuschalten.Weiter Einzelheiten auf der Update-Seite zu Kompass des aufziehenden Sturmes.In der letzten Zeit gab es viele Beschwerden zum aktuellen Status der Wettkampfsaison. Wir sind ebenfalls der Meinung, dass wir mehr tun könnten. In diesem Blog wollen wir das Geschehene Revue passieren lassen, unsere Gedanken und Gründe schildern und das weitere Vorgehen ansprechen.  Sobald das ganze Ausmaß der Covid-19-Pandemie klar wurde, gaben wir den Aufschub von The International bekannt und begannen damit, Arenen für diverse Alternativtermine und in diversen Ländern weltweit zu reservieren. Wir recherchierten, wie wir The International in verschiedenen Verläufen der Pandemie ausrichten könnten, in der Hoffnung, das Turnier sobald wie möglich starten zu können. Da die Frühjahrsevents der Wettkampfsaison ausfallen mussten, nahmen wir Kontakt zu den Organisatoren auf, um das weitere Vorgehen abzustimmen. Einige der Organisatoren äußerten dabei den Wunsch, unabhängige Events auszurichten, um die Zeit von März bis Ende des Sommers zu überbrücken.  Bis zur Mitte des Sommers verschärfte sich der Verlauf der Pandemie noch einmal deutlich und wir waren sehr besorgt, was das für die weiteren Events der Wettkampfsaison und The International bedeuten würde. Die globale Situation machte überregionale Turniere nahezu unmöglich und wir sahen weltweit diverse Vorfälle, in denen eigentlich qualifizierte Teams wegen plötzlicher Reisebeschränkungen und sonstiger Komplikationen ausgeschlossen werden mussten. Wir gingen bereits davon aus, dass Veranstaltungen mit Publikum wohl nicht möglich sein würden, wollten aber trotzdem sicherstellen, bei überregionalen Turnieren alle teilnehmenden Teams an einem Ort versammeln zu können. Für uns war das ein sehr wichtiger Aspekt der Vergabe von Wettkampfpunkten für The International. Wir waren uns auch sehr unsicher, wann The International selbst stattfinden könnte. Der dafür nötige lange Vorlauf und die sich immer schneller ausbreitende Infektion erschwerten die Abschätzung einer realistischen Zeitspanne zunehmend. Ein Loslösen der Dota-Wettkampfsaison vom ultimativen Ziel einer Teilnahme an The International fühlte sich falsch an. Dazu wäre es außerdem notwendig, dass Wettkampfpunkte nach bestimmten Kriterien auch wieder verfallen können – was an sich nichts Schlechtes ist, aber so ein System potenziell mitten in der Saison einzuführen hat einige Nachteile. Zudem hatten uns einige Organisatoren mitgeteilt, dass sie sich entweder Sorgen um die Qualität der Übertragung machten oder allgemein nicht bereit wären, Events während der Herbstsaison auszurichten. Obwohl weder überregionale Wettkämpfe noch die relative Nähe zu The International absolute Bedingungen sind, fanden wir doch, dass ein Pausieren der Wettkampfsaison sowohl ihrer Funktion im Bezug auf The International als auch der Gesamtqualität der Turniere gerechter werden würde. Also war uns Plan, die kommenden Monate für andere Ligen und Events offen und verfügbar zu halten. Unser Ansatz war schon immer, auch unabhängige Turniere zu tolerieren (obwohl sich unsere Prioritäten im Laufe der Jahre durchaus verschoben, weil Spieler und Fans sich einen geordneteren Vorlauf von The International wünschten). Unsere Hoffnung war, dass wir so die Beziehung der Wettkampfsaison zu The International aufrechterhalten und gleichzeitig unabhängigen Events Platz einräumen könnten, wobei Fans über den Herbst immer noch aufregende Spiele geboten werden würden.  Unmittelbar nach der Bekanntgabe, dass die Wettkampfsaison derzeit nicht wie geplant weiterlaufen würde, bekamen wir sehr viel negatives Feedback von Fans. Viele der genannten Punkte halten wir für berechtigte Kritik, besonders weil wir unsere Absichten und mögliche Zukunftsszenarien nicht klar kommuniziert hatten.In der kommenden Saison werden mindestens vier unabhängige Events und Ligen in der EU/GUS-Region und drei in China stattfinden. Einige weitere befinden sich derzeit in der Planungsphase und stehen noch nicht fest. Allerdings wird es weltweit immer noch viele Teams, Kommentatoren, Organisatoren und Fans geben, die beim derzeit absehbaren Verlauf nicht voll auf ihre Kosten kommen werden. Wir übernehmen hierfür die Verantwortung, da wir nicht aktiv genug an einer Lösung gearbeitet und zu wenig Unterstützung geleistet haben.Wir befinden uns derzeit in Kontakt mit diversen weiteren Turnierveranstaltern und möchten durch finanzielle und anderweitige Unterstützung das Angebot bis zum Jahresende erhöhen. Wir erwarten, dass diese Events im verbleibenden Verlauf der Saison nach und nach angekündigt werden, sobald sie die vorläufige Planungsphase verlassen.Weiteres Feedback von Spielern und Fans war der Wunsch nach konkreteren Aussagen zu möglichen Daten für die Wiederaufnahme der Wettkampfsaison und The International. Derzeit gehen wir davon aus, dass die Wettkampfsaison im Januar oder Februar 2021 starten kann. Wir hoffen, dass bis zum Abschluss der ersten Ligaphase die weltweiten Reisebeschränkungen berechenbarer sind, sodass Majors und überregionale Turniere stattfinden können. Wir gehen außerdem davon aus, dass das wahrscheinlichste Szenario für The International der August 2021 in Stockholm sein wird. Weitere Länder sind als Ausweichlösung geplant, aber wir sind uns der Enttäuschung bewusst, die eine Verlegung ohne signifikanten Zeitgewinn zur Folge hätte.  Wir sind uns auch der Meinungen und Bedenken hinsichtlich der DotaTV-Übertragungsrechte bewusst. Dieses Thema haben wir bereits einmal offen diskutiert und nach dem Sammeln weiterer Daten hat sich unsere Meinung etwas geändert. Im Grundsatz glauben wir immer noch, dass es für Fans und die Szene insgesamt positiv ist, wenn Streamer aus der Community ein Turnier mit eigenem Kommentar begleiten. Wir glauben auch, dass diese Turniere über lange Sicht von der dadurch generierten zusätzlichen Reichweite profitieren. Allerdings ist es auch richtig, dass dieses Verhalten unmittelbar die Einnahmen der Organisatoren schmälert, weil es eine effektive Monetarisierung der Veranstaltung erschwert. Ab dem 15. September wird die Dota-Lizenz deshalb um folgendes ergänzt: Organisatoren von Dota-2-Turnieren können Streamern aus der Community zumutbare und einfach umzusetzende, nicht monetäre Auflagen machen, etwa die Darstellung der Sponsoren des Organisators in ihren Streams oder der Einbau einer leichten Verzögerung. Streamer können DotaTV-Übertragungen nur dann für ihre Streams verwenden, wenn sie diesen Bedingungen zustimmen. Wir glauben, das dies Streamern aus der Community mehr Sicherheit und Vertrauen gibt, Turnierspiele ohne großen Aufruhr kommentieren zu können, während gleichzeitig einige der Kerninteressen von Turnierveranstaltern gewahrt werden. Um möglichen kurzfristigen Problemen aus dem Weg zu gehen, empfehlen wir Kommentatoren mit geplantem eigenem Stream, sich rechtzeitig mit dem Veranstalter in Verbindung zu setzen und die Erfüllung der Auflagen sicherzustellen. Turnierveranstalter und relevante Parteien können sich bei Fragen gerne über [email protected] an uns wenden.Aus den Tiefen der Spielkiste krabbelt eine fürchterliche Puppe in die Schlacht. Verfügbar für alle Schlachtenpassbesitzer mit Level 255 oder höher. Die neue Heldenpersona „Der Plüschmetzger“ für Pudge kommt mit einem neuen Modell, neuen Animationen sowie neuer Vertonung.Alle Bewohner der Spielkiste fürchten den Plüschmetzger. Er schleicht sich durch Schatten und Ecken und trachtet dabei immer nach der nächsten Plüschmeuchelei. Jedes Spielzeug weiß: Sobald dich der Metzgerhaken erwischt, sind deine Füllung und dein Leben dahin. Einsam und zerstreut liegen deine zerlumpten Überreste auf den Pfaden, während das plüschige Monster fröhlich davonschlendert.Lösen Sie die neue Persona jetzt in Ihrem Schlachtenpass ein und nehmen Sie dabei auch gleich das neue Ansagerpaket „Stimme von The International“ mit, das allen Schlachtenpassbesitzern ab Level 75 ihren nächsten Sieg noch epischer macht.The Fall Season is upon us and we’re excited to announce updates to Dota Plus and Guilds. The Season begins today and it will run through the beginning of December, 2020.Autumnal Treasure 2020Dota Plus members can now purchase a new treasure with shards. This treasure features 12 community-created sets for Nyx Assassin, Leshrac, Medusa, Vengeful Spirit, Weaver, Clockwerk, Faceless Void, Doom, Sven, Axe, Crystal Maiden, and Tusk. It also includes the re-introduction of Ethereal and Prismatic gems, with the very rare Blazing Hatchling courier coming pre-equipped with a random one of each. Our plan right now is to have a new seasonal treasure available for purchase with shards every 3 months. The next treasure will be available on Dec 1st, and then again every 3 months after that. This will also align with seasonal quests and seasonal terrains. Updates to Dota PlusIn addition to the existing ways to earn shards, Dota Plus members can also earn up to 57,850 shards from a new season of quests for Fall 2020. These extra shards will give the currency you need to take advantage of the Seasonal Treasure. Dota Plus members can now use the new Role Assistant hero grid arrangement. As the Dota community finds new and different ways for heroes to be played, the new Role Assistant automatically records the picks of every hero in Ranked Roles matchmaking and displays heroes in their most picked roles. This data is updated automatically to highlight the latest trends and is filterable by MMR rank.Several features from the Battle Pass have also moved into Dota Plus:We’ve also bumped up the number of players allowed to be on the Avoid Players list from 16 to 25.Shards for EveryoneWe want all players to enjoy earning and spending Shards, so we have changed the currency to be available to all players rather than being Dota Plus exclusive.While the most effective way to earn shards is to have Dota Plus, we’ve enabled the following subset of features to be available for all players:Guild UpdatesWe reintroduced Guilds during the Battle Pass, and we were happy to see how many players participated in Guilds and shared their feedback with us. We are keeping the existing Guilds, but many of the rewards received only worked in the context of the Battle Pass. We’ve redesigned those features so that you can enjoy playing with your guild all the time.Guilds no longer have a Guild Level – instead there is now a weekly leaderboard of guild points earned in a given region. Once a week, guild members will receive their new guild rank and can claim a reward of shards; Dota Plus members earn double the amount of shards. A Guild’s weekly leaderboard position also determines access to special perks that may change over time. The current set of perks is:At the end of the week, all existing guild points will decay by a percentage. This is so that new guilds have a chance to catch up to existing guilds; however, they’ll naturally have to work hard to catch up to the leaders! We want this feature to reward active and engaged guilds working together week-by-week to gain points – so with that in mind we’ll be monitoring and adjusting the weekly decay to achieve that goal. Guild contracts now earn both guild points and shards. All players have access to one contract slot per day, and Dota Plus members have access to a second slot. Guild challenges are still completed in parties of 3+ guild members, and they earn guild points for leaderboard position. Playing a match while in a guild earns guild points, with bonuses for being in parties with your guildmates.All players can participate in a guild, but only Dota Plus members can create them.Ranked SeasonIn the past we’ve seen a bunch of negative aspects to forcing everyone to reset their MMR at the same time. That has been part of our reluctance to continue with resetting every 6 months. However after we’ve expressed this reluctance recently, we’ve gotten a lot of feedback about how valuable they felt this functionality was to them, along with various suggestions to handling this topic.For this season, we are going to try a new approach to MMR resets. We are making the MMR reset optional, and for those who want to participate, we instead spread it out so it doesn’t create too much volatility at the same time (ontop of the volatility that already exists when you enter calibration). We hope this will remove most of the downsides of MMR resets, and let the people that really want to do it be able to do so in a little bit more of a stable environment.Upon logging in, you can go to Settings, and under the Account tab there is a new MMR Recalibration section. To prevent everyone from recalibrating at once, start-times will be spaced out evenly between October 22, 2020 and November 22, 2020 and can be activated anytime until the Season is over. Feel free to press the button the moment it’s available to you, never press it, or warm back up to competitive play before activating it.CommunicationThe community has been wanting us to talk a bit more about things we are working on. There are a variety of reasons we don’t tend to get into those things until something is ready to release, because sometimes plans change, or an idea doesn’t develop into something solid, etc. Sometimes we also aren’t sure about dates yet, and don’t want to set up false expectations for either the scope for an update or to create disappointment if estimations are wrong.That being said, we recognize that sometimes we need to balance that approach with the desire for some information to the community. So we’ll share more information on a few topics below.First is with regards to new heroes. We know the community tends to expect new heroes in the fall each year (usually released around November sometime). We are currently aiming for end of November for a new hero release, followed by more that are spread throughout next year with the next one in the first quarter next year. Recently we’ve been thinking about trying an overall development approach of spreading out updates during the year, rather than only having most content and updates centered around The International. We are hoping a steady state of content will prove to be more engaging to users than the previous approaches.Another area we’ve been doing work on recently is player behavior and toxicity. Some of that has been work we’ve been doing recently in public without patch notes, while some is upcoming stuff that is still in development. We’ve made improvements to our smurf detection systems, and as a result we’ve started separating new accounts from entering the pool of normal and new players. Smurf accounts are now much more likely to play with other smurfs only, this includes parties where only one player is a smurf. They are also likely to inherit any negative behavior scores of their alternate accounts, to limit their negative impact when playing. We’ve also done a few more improvements on making new accounts converge to their correct MMR faster, however there is still more to be done on that front. We have a couple of approaches to solve that which we are working on but they are in the research/experimental stage at this point.We’ve also been ramping up our banning of booster accounts, as we’ve improved detections systems in recent months and gained more confidence in the ability to ban for it. In the past 30 days we’ve banned over 14000 accounts, and have set up systems to continually ban for boosting moving forward. This is an area however that needs constant work and improvements to not stagnate, and some of this will benefit from more advanced detection methods that are also in early research/experimental stages.In terms of toxicity and game ruining behaviors from players, we are working on a new Overwatch style system, similar in some ways to that of CS:GO. We aren’t ready to share more information about this yet, but we will as soon as we are able. We are hoping to get this in the game as soon as possible.Lastly, we’ve done some engine development that results in moderate performance improvements on multi-core CPU’s and will be bringing those to Dota. There’s still a bit of testing to do as it may result in some bugs, but we are aiming towards the next week or so for it. As you can expect, given the code changes required, the release could be a little bit spooky.Today marks the end of The International 10 Battle Pass season. Thank you to everyone who participated and while this year didn’t end with a team hoisting the Aegis, all of us at Valve hope that you and your families remain healthy and we look forward to gathering everyone together for TI10.With the close of the season, we are pleased to announce the results of the 2020 Arcana Vote. This year the community cast millions of votes for two of the purplest heroes in the Dota 2 pool, Faceless Void and Spectre and with a split of 27,475,258 votes to 24,948,538, this year’s Arcana winner is: Spectre. The team will set out to design an Arcana befitting Mercurial, the Spectre, channeling her dark energy into forms heretofore unimagined. How will she haunt her quarry? In what manner can her refraction erode her enemies? When taking aim with her Spectral Dagger, what deadly color will she glow? Yes, purple, obviously, but what SHADE of purple? Sit tight, lavender lovers, plum buffs and violet voters. With time all (or maybe some) of these questions will be answered.Also, next week we’re releasing some new updates to Dota Plus. Among them will be updates to Guilds, a new Dota Plus Season, and a new MMR reset mechanism. Immortal Treasure III is now available, featuring all-new items for Pugna, Clockwerk, Oracle, Treant, Gyrocopter, and Lich.In addition to these items, each of these treasures you open also offers increasing odds of receiving a rare reward of 50 Battle Pass levels, a very rare Golden version of the Pugna item, or the ultra rare Phoenix Wings. As always, there is a cosmically rare chance you’ll discover a Divine Emblem.The Battle Pass will be extended for 3 more weeks, until October 9th, with the results of the Arcana vote revealed at that time (hint: it’s a purple melee carry that can cross distances with ease). During this final stretch, each Battle Pass owner can purchase up to two bundles of 60 levels at a 30% discount.Head over to the Battle Pass page for a preview of the new items and custom effects featured in the treasure.Not even Lyralei herself understood the true extent of her connection with the guardian wind. With no knowledge of her forebears, or memory of her first days, she could but listen for the truth in the whispers of sun-dappled trees around her, or the howling storms that keep even daylight at bay. But as she grew, and her strange connection with the guardian wind became ever stronger, an unease about her origins began to take hold. Unleash the power of the wind with the all-new Compass of the Rising Gale Arcana bundle, available now in The International 10 Battle Pass.This Arcana bundle includes a new model and base items, new animations, a custom channel bar and Focus Fire damage counter, ambient wind effects for both styles, additions to base and Immortal effects for her abilities, new death effects for both Windranger and enemy heroes she takes down, and over 500 new Arcana-exclusive voice lines. Rack up damage on targets you kill using Focus Fire to unlock the Reflections of the Gale alternate style.Learn more at the Compass of the Rising Gale update page.We’ve heard a lot of complaints recently about the state of DPC and we agree that there is more that we should do. We wanted to use this blog to walk you through what happened before, what our thoughts were, and what we will do going forward.Once the extent of the Covid-19 pandemic became clear, we posted about our plans to delay The International and started pre-booking arenas for various alternative dates and countries around the world. We then began researching how to execute The International based on how different pandemic scenarios could play out, with the hope that we’d be able to host it as soon as possible. Since the spring DPC events could no longer operate anymore, we started reaching out to the organizers to see what they wanted to do going forward. Some of those organizers shared their desires to run third party events to cover the period from March through the end of the summer.As we approached the middle of the summer, the volatility of the pandemic had grown significantly and we became very concerned about the impact it would have on future DPC events and The International. The global situation meant that cross regional play would be unlikely for a period of time, and we have since seen scenarios globally in other competitions where teams from certain countries had to be excluded after qualifying due to abrupt travel restrictions and complications. While we had already assumed that having a crowd for the DPC events was not in the cards, we wanted to at least have confidence in being able to bring all teams together for cross region competition. We felt that was a very important component of how we allocate DPC points for The International. We were also unsure of when The International itself would happen, and given the significant lead time needed, the increased spread of the virus made it harder to model out a time frame with confidence. The potential for the DPC season and its narrative feeling too detached from the path towards The International was negative for us. Doing that would also necessitate a DPC point decay system, which in and of itself isn’t a bad thing, but having to abruptly introduce decay mid season if the landscape changes has some additional downsides. Furthermore, we had also received some feedback from a couple of organizers that were either worried about the quality of the broadcast being lower or reluctant to want to operate DPC events in the fall altogether. While neither the cross-region competition nor the relative distance to The International are absolute requirements, we felt the DPC as both a function of The International and also as a coherent product for fans would be better served by holding off on them for now. Given that, our plan was that we’d make the upcoming months open and clear for other leagues and events to operate. Our approach historically has been to want third party tournaments to be able to exist outside of The International (though the degree of that has been fluid over the years as demands from fans and players for more structured circuits to lead to TI increased). Our hope was that we could both achieve a better and more coherent relationship between DPC and TI by approaching it this way as well as still allowing for third party events to have an impact, with the overall end result for fans still being that there would be entertaining content to watch in the fall.Soon after we announced that we were not immediately proceeding with DPC as planned, we received a lot of negative feedback from fans. We think that a lot of the points that were raised were reasonable criticisms towards us, especially because we did not communicate what our intentions were, and what they could expect in the future.For this upcoming competitive season, there are going to be at least four third party events and leagues in EU/CIS events, three in China, and a few others that are still in the preliminary planning stages and are not able to commit at this time. However, there are still going to be a lot of teams, casters, organizers and fans around the world that are not going to be meaningfully served based on the current trajectory and that is our fault for not pushing on those and supporting them enough.With that in mind, we’ve started reaching out to many more tournament organizers to offer help and financial support in order to be able to create increased coverage globally for the remainder of the year. We expect that these events will be gradually announced over the remaining season as soon as they are ready to communicate to fans and teams.Another piece of feedback we got from players as well as fans was wanting more clarity in what we were thinking were the likely dates for DPC and TI to resume. Our outlook right now is that we are anticipating the start of DPC to be in the first month or two of 2021. Our hope is that by the time the first DPC league concludes, travel limitations will be more predictable and spontaneous restrictions will be less likely, thus allowing for Majors with cross-region competition to happen. We are also operating under the assumption that the most likely outcome is for The International to happen in Stockholm in August 2021. While we have other countries as backups, we recognize that fans would be upset if we moved it to another location if the time savings weren’t meaningful enough.We’ve also heard your feedback and concerns around Dota TV streaming rights. This has been a topic we’ve discussed openly in the past and, as we gathered more data, our thoughts have evolved slightly. We ultimately still believe that community streamers providing their own commentary of a tournament is a net positive value to fans and the competitive scene. We also believe that in the long term, the tournament themselves benefit from additional exposure to fans of those community streamers. However, it is true that this can cause a short term loss of revenue as well as a reduced ability to monetize more effectively for tournament organizers. Starting September 15, the Dota license will be updated to reflect the following: Organizers that run Dota 2 Tournaments will have to provide community streamers with a reasonable and simple to execute set of non-monetary requirements, such as displaying the organizers sponsors on their streams or having a slight delay on the games. Community streamers will be able to use the DotaTV feed in their broadcast as long as they agree to those requirements. We believe this will provide more certainty and confidence to community streamers to be able to cast without a lot of turmoil, while at the same time protecting some key interests that tournament organizers have. To avoid possible last minute issues, we would advise casters that want to stream a tournament, to coordinate with the organizer in advance to ensure they are able to fulfill the requirements presented. Tournament organizers and relevant parties that have questions, feel free to reach out to us at [email protected]From deep inside the toy box, a frightening plaything joins the fray. Available now to all Battle Pass owners who reach level 255, the new Toy Butcher Persona for Pudge features an all-new model, animations, and voice performance.Feared amongst the fluff-stuffed denizens of the toy box, The Toy Butcher stalks the corners and shadows of the bin, always on the hunt for his next kill. Every toy knows that once the butcher gets his hook in you, your stuffing and your life are forfeit – like as not to be left strewn about the lanes as the plushy monster jaunts happily away from your lonely, ragged remains. Claim the new persona now in your Battle Pass and don’t forget to pick up the Voice of The International Announcer Pack on your way, available to all Battle Pass Owners at level 75 and above, to herald your next victory.Die Herbstsaison ist da und wir freuen uns, ein Update von Dota Plus und der Gildenfunktion zu präsentieren. Die Saison beginnt heute und wird bis Anfang Dezember 2020 laufen.Herbstlicher Schatz 2020Dota-Plus-Mitglieder können nun einen neuen Schatz mit Splittern kaufen. Der Schatz enthält 12 Sets aus der Community für Nyx Assassin, Leshrac, Medusa, Vengeful Spirit, Weaver, Clockwerk, Faceless Void, Doom, Sven, Axe, Crystal Maiden und Tusk. Mit ihm werden außerdem Ätherische und Prismatische Edelsteine wiedereingeführt – der sehr seltene Kurier „Flammendes Küken“ kommt mit jeweils einem zufälligen ausgerüstet. Unser derzeitiger Plan ist, alle drei Monate einen neuen saisonalen Schatz zum Kauf mit Splittern hinzuzufügen. Der nächste Schatz wird demnach am 1. Dezember veröffentlicht, der nächste drei Monate später und so weiter. Saisonale Quests und saisonale Terrains werden dem gleichen Rhythmus folgen. Updates für Dota PlusZusätzlich zu den klassischen Methoden, Splitter zu verdienen, warten für Dota-Plus-Mitglieder im Herbst 2020 jetzt 57.850 weitere als Belohnung für saisonale Quests. Die Bonussplitter sind eine optimale Grundlage, um den saisonalen Schatz voll auszukosten. Dota-Plus-Mitglieder können jetzt ihr Heldengitter vom neuen Rollenassistenten anordnen lassen. Wenn die Dota-Community neue kreative Wege findet, bestimmte Helden zu spielen, wird der Rollenassistent in der Rollenrangliste darüber Buch führen und Helden in ihrer jeweils meistgespielten Rolle anzeigen. Die Statistik aktualisiert sich automatisch und zeigt jeweils den aktuellen Trend, filterbar nach MMW-Rang.Diverse Funktionen des Schlachtenpasses wurden ebenfalls in Dota Plus übernommen:Wir haben außerdem die maximale Zahl zu meidender Spieler von 16 auf 25 erhöht.Splitter für alleWir wollen, dass alle Spieler sich am Verdienen und Ausgeben von Splittern erfreuen können, also haben wir diese ehemalige Dota-Plus-Währung für alle geöffnet.Dota Plus ist immer noch der effektivste Weg, Splitter zu verdienen, aber ein Teil der Funktionen steht jetzt allen Spielern zur Verfügung:Updates für GildenWährend des Schlachtenpasses haben wir Gilden wiedereingeführt und waren froh zu sehen, wie viele Spieler sich Gilden angeschlossen und ihr Feedback mit uns geteilt haben. Wir werden die bestehenden Gilden beibehalten, allerdings ergaben viele der Belohnungen nur im Kontext des Schlachtenpasses Sinn. Damit Ihnen das Spielen in der Gilde auch weiterhin Spaß macht, haben wir ein paar Änderungen vorgenommen.Gilden haben keinen Level mehr. Stattdessen gibt es nun eine wöchentliche Rangliste der in der jeweiligen Region erspielten Gildenpunkte. Gildenmitglieder erfahren einmal pro Woche den neuen Rang ihrer Gilde und erhalten Splitter zur Belohnung. Dota-Plus-Mitglieder verdienen doppelte Splitter. Die Position einer Gilde auf der wöchentlichen Rangliste bestimmt auch ihren Zugriff auf besondere Vorteile, die sich im Verlauf der Zeit ändern können. Aktuelle Vorteile:Am Ende der Woche verfällt ein Anteil der Gildenpunkte. So haben neue Gilden die Chance, zu bestehenden Gilden aufzuholen – keine leichte Aufgabe und mit harter Arbeit verbunden, aber möglich! Wir möchten mit dieser Funktion aktive und engagierte Gilden belohnen, die Woche für Woche zusammenarbeiten, um Punkte zu sammeln. In diesem Sinne werden wir den wöchentlichen Verfall weiter anpassen, um dieses Ziel zu erreichen. Gilden erhalten für Aufträge nun sowohl Gildenpunkte als auch Splitter. Alle Spieler können pro Tag einen Auftrag annehmen, Dota-Plus-Mitglieder sogar zwei. Gildenherausforderungen müssen nach wie vor von mindestens drei Mitgliedern einer Gilde gemeistert werden. Zur Belohnung erhalten sie Gildenpunkte für ihre Position auf der Rangliste. Jede Partie generiert Gildenpunkte, Gruppen aus Gildenmitgliedern verdienen Bonuspunkte.Alle Spieler können sich einer Gilde anschließen, doch nur Dota-Plus-Mitglieder können eine Gilde gründen.RanglistensaisonIn der Vergangenheit sind uns einige negative Aspekte aufgefallen, wenn wir alle Spieler dazu zwingen, ihre MMW zur selben Zeit neu zu kalibrieren. Auch aus diesem Grund haben wir gezögert, den Wert weiterhin alle sechs Monate zurückzusetzen. Aber nachdem wir unsere Zurückhaltung vor kurzem kundtaten, erhielten wie eine Menge Feedback von Spielern, die diese Funktion für sehr wertvoll halten, und allerlei Vorschläge, wie wir damit umgehen sollen.In dieser nächsten Saison möchten wir einen neuen Ansatz testen. Ab sofort haben Spieler die Wahl, ob sie ihren MMW zurücksetzen oder nicht. Für alle, die sich dafür entscheiden, wird dies zu unterschiedlichen Zeiten vorgenommen, um allzu viel Instabilität zur selben Zeit zu vermeiden (eine Neukalibrierung erzeugt ebenfalls eine Menge Instabilität). Wir hoffen so die meisten Nachteile des Zurücksetzens ausbügeln und Spielern, die sich dafür entscheiden, möglichst stabile Bedingungen liefern zu können.Unter Einstellungen > Account gibt es jetzt den neuen Abschnitt „MMW neu kalibieren“. Damit nicht alle gleichzeitig neu kalibrieren, werden die Startzeiten gleichmäßig zwischen dem 22. Oktober und dem 22. November 2020 verteilt. Ab dann kann die Kalibrierung bis zum Ende der Saison jederzeit aktiviert werden. Sie haben die Wahl, den Knopf, sobald verfügbar oder auch nie zu drücken, oder Sie wärmen erst wieder Ihr Ranglistenkönnen auf, bevor Sie ihn aktivieren.KommunikationDie Community möchte gerne, dass wir ein wenig mehr über die Dinge reden, an denen wir gerade arbeiten. Aus diversen Gründen halten wir uns mit so was in der Regel zurück, bis etwas bereit zur Veröffentlichung ist. Manchmal ändern sich Pläne oder eine Idee entwickelt sich nicht in etwas Handfestes. Manchmal sind wir uns auch beim Zeitrahmen noch nicht sicher, wollen keine falschen Erwartungen bezüglich der Größe eines Updates wecken oder enttäuschte Erwartungen auslösen.Gleichzeitig erkennen wir das Verlangen der Community nach wenigstens einigen Informationen an und möchten deshalb im Folgenden einige Aspekte ansprechen.Zunächst etwas zu neuen Helden. Wir wissen, dass die Community im Herbst jeden Jahres neue Helden erwartet (veröffentlicht gewöhnlich etwa im November). Wir peilen derzeit Ende November für einen neuen Helden an und möchten weitere über das nächste Jahr verteilt veröffentlichen, beginnend im ersten Quartal. In letzter Zeit haben wir auch über unsere allgemeine Entwicklungsstrategie nachgedacht und möchten nun neue Inhalte mehr über das ganze Jahr verteilen, statt den Schwerpunkt bei The International zu setzen. Wir hoffen, dass ein beständiges Hinzukommen neuer Inhalte Spieler stärker einbindet als unser bisheriger Ansatz.Ein weiterer Bereich, in den wir kürzlich Arbeit investiert haben, ist Spielerverhalten und Toxizität. Manche Änderungen haben wir bereits ohne Patchnotes ins Spiel übernommen, andere sind noch in Entwicklung. Wir haben unsere Systeme zur Smurf-Erkennung verbessert und trennen nun neue Accounts von normalen und neuen Spielern. Smurf-Accounts spielen jetzt sehr viel häufiger nur gegen andere Smurfs, auch wenn eine Gruppe nur einen Smurf enthält. Sie erben jetzt auch alle negativen Verhaltenswertungen ihrer Alternativaccounts, sodass ihr negativer Einfluss im Spiel begrenzt wird. Weitere Verbesserungen sollen dafür sorgen, dass sich neue Accounts schneller ihrem wahren MMW annähern, allerdings sind hier noch nicht alle Möglichkeiten erschöpft. Wir haben hier bereits einige Lösungsansätze, diese befinden sich aktuell aber noch in der Test- bzw. experimentellen Phase.In den letzten Monaten haben wir außerdem unsere Ausschlussinitiative gegenüber Booster-Accounts mit einer Verbesserung unserer Erkennungssysteme ausgebaut und können einen Bann nun mit größerer Gewissheit verhängen. In den letzten 30 Tagen haben wir über 14000 Accounts gebannt und Mechanismen eingebaut, um in Zukunft kontinuierlich Boosting weiter mit Banns zu bestrafen. Dieser Bereich muss allerdings konstant weiter entwickelt und verbessert werden. Einige fortgeschrittene Erkennungsmethoden sind aber bereits in der frühen/experimentellen Phase.Was toxisches Verhalten und absichtliches Ruinieren von Spielen angeht, so arbeiten wir an einem ähnlichen Ansatz wie das Overwatch-System von CS:GO. Hierzu haben wir derzeit keine weiteren Informationen, aber diese werden in Kürze folgen. Wir hoffen, dass wir diese Funktion schnellstmöglich ins Spiel integrieren können.Zu guter Letzt haben wir die Engine etwas weiterentwickelt und so die Leistung mit Multikernprozessoren moderat verbessert. Es stehen noch einige Tests aus, um Bugs zu vermeiden, aber wir planen für nächste Woche eine Veröffentlichung. Wegen der nötigen Änderungen am Code könnte der Tag des Updates allerdings etwas … gruselig werden.Heute endet die Schlachtenpass-Saison zu The International 10. Wir danken allen für ihre Teilnahme. Obgleich dieses Jahr am Ende kein Team die Ägis stolz emporheben konnte, hoffen wir alle hier bei Valve, dass Sie und Ihre Familien gesund bleiben. Wir freuen uns, alle bei TI10 wiederzusehen.Nun, da die Saison zu Ende ist, können wir auch endlich das Ergebnis der Arkana-Abstimmung 2020 verkünden. Dieses Jahr hat die Community Millionen von Stimmen für zwei der lilasten Helden des Dota-2-Kaders abgegeben: Faceless Void und Spectre. Mit einem Vorsprung von 27.475.258 zu 24.948.538 Stimmen geht der Sieg an: Spectre. Das Team nimmt sich nun der Aufgabe an, ein Arkana zu entwerfen, das Mercurial, dem Schemen angemessen ist und ihre dunkle Energie in bisher unbekannten Formen kanalisiert. Wie wird sie ihre Opfer quälen? Auf welche Art und Weise wird ihre Refraktion ihre Gegner brechen? In welchen tödlichen Farben wird sie glühen, wenn sie ihr Ziel mit ihrem Spektralen Dolch anvisiert? Ja, natürlich in Lila, aber in welcher SCHATTIERUNG von Lila? Nicht verzagen, sehr geehrte Lavendelliebhaber, Pflaumenphilantropen und Violettvorzieher. Gedulden Sie sich und alle (oder vielleicht doch nur ein paar) dieser Fragen werden beantwortet.Des Weiteren gibt es nächste Woche neue Informationen zu Dota Plus. Unter anderem Updates zu Gilden, einer neuen Dota-Plus-Saison und einem neuen Mechanismus zum Zurücksetzen der MMW. Immortal-Schatz III ist jetzt verfügbar, mit neuen Gegenständen für Pugna, Clockwerk, Oracle, Treant, Gyrocopter und Lich.Mit jedem geöffneten Schatz erhöht sich außerdem Ihre Chance, ein seltenes Paket mit 50 Schlachtenpassleveln, eine sehr seltene goldene Version des Pugna-Gegenstands oder ultraseltene Flügel für Phoenix zu erhalten. Und wie immer finden Sie mit ganz viel Glück vielleicht sogar ein Emblem der Göttlichkeit.Der Schlachtenpass wird für weitere 3 Wochen, bis zum 9. Oktober, verlängert und auch der Gewinner der Arkana-Abstimmung wird erst dann enthüllt (Tipp: der betreffende Held ist lila, Nahkämpfer, Carry und kommt schnell von A nach B). Während dieser finalen Phase können alle Schlachtenpassbesitzer je zwei Pakete zu je 60 Leveln mit einem 30%-igen Rabatt erwerben.Sie können alle neuen Gegenstände und Effekte dieses Schatzes auf der Website des Schlachtenpasses bewundern.Noch nicht einmal Lyralei selbst versteht die Tiefe ihrer Verbindung mit dem Wächterwind. Ohne das Wissen ihrer Ahnen oder Erinnerungen an ihre frühen Tage konnte sie nur im Flüstern der sonnenbefleckten Bäume nach Wahrheit suchen – oder in den heulenden Stürmen, die sogar das Licht des Tages in Schach zu halten vermögen. Doch je älter sie wurde, desto stärker wurde auch ihre Verbindung mit dem Wächterwind und die Frage nach ihrer Herkunft nagte mehr und mehr. Entfesseln Sie die Kraft des Windes mit dem neuen Arkanapaket „Kompass des aufziehenden Sturmes“, exklusiv verfügbar im Schlachtenpass zu The International.Das Arkanapaket enthält ein neues Modell inklusive neuer Basisgegenstände, neue Animationen, eine angepasste Kanalisierungsleiste, ein Zähler für Focus-Fire-Schaden, Windeffekte für beide Stile, neue Effekte für ihre Fähigkeiten sowie die Immortal-Varianten, neue Todeseffekte für Windranger und von ihr getötete gegnerische Helden sowie über 500 neue exklusive Heldensprüche. Sammeln Sie Schaden auf mit Focus Fire getöteten Zielen, um den alternativen Stil „Reflexionen des Sturms“ freizuschalten.Weiter Einzelheiten auf der Update-Seite zu Kompass des aufziehenden Sturmes.In der letzten Zeit gab es viele Beschwerden zum aktuellen Status der Wettkampfsaison. Wir sind ebenfalls der Meinung, dass wir mehr tun könnten. In diesem Blog wollen wir das Geschehene Revue passieren lassen, unsere Gedanken und Gründe schildern und das weitere Vorgehen ansprechen.  Sobald das ganze Ausmaß der Covid-19-Pandemie klar wurde, gaben wir den Aufschub von The International bekannt und begannen damit, Arenen für diverse Alternativtermine und in diversen Ländern weltweit zu reservieren. Wir recherchierten, wie wir The International in verschiedenen Verläufen der Pandemie ausrichten könnten, in der Hoffnung, das Turnier sobald wie möglich starten zu können. Da die Frühjahrsevents der Wettkampfsaison ausfallen mussten, nahmen wir Kontakt zu den Organisatoren auf, um das weitere Vorgehen abzustimmen. Einige der Organisatoren äußerten dabei den Wunsch, unabhängige Events auszurichten, um die Zeit von März bis Ende des Sommers zu überbrücken.  Bis zur Mitte des Sommers verschärfte sich der Verlauf der Pandemie noch einmal deutlich und wir waren sehr besorgt, was das für die weiteren Events der Wettkampfsaison und The International bedeuten würde. Die globale Situation machte überregionale Turniere nahezu unmöglich und wir sahen weltweit diverse Vorfälle, in denen eigentlich qualifizierte Teams wegen plötzlicher Reisebeschränkungen und sonstiger Komplikationen ausgeschlossen werden mussten. Wir gingen bereits davon aus, dass Veranstaltungen mit Publikum wohl nicht möglich sein würden, wollten aber trotzdem sicherstellen, bei überregionalen Turnieren alle teilnehmenden Teams an einem Ort versammeln zu können. Für uns war das ein sehr wichtiger Aspekt der Vergabe von Wettkampfpunkten für The International. Wir waren uns auch sehr unsicher, wann The International selbst stattfinden könnte. Der dafür nötige lange Vorlauf und die sich immer schneller ausbreitende Infektion erschwerten die Abschätzung einer realistischen Zeitspanne zunehmend. Ein Loslösen der Dota-Wettkampfsaison vom ultimativen Ziel einer Teilnahme an The International fühlte sich falsch an. Dazu wäre es außerdem notwendig, dass Wettkampfpunkte nach bestimmten Kriterien auch wieder verfallen können – was an sich nichts Schlechtes ist, aber so ein System potenziell mitten in der Saison einzuführen hat einige Nachteile. Zudem hatten uns einige Organisatoren mitgeteilt, dass sie sich entweder Sorgen um die Qualität der Übertragung machten oder allgemein nicht bereit wären, Events während der Herbstsaison auszurichten. Obwohl weder überregionale Wettkämpfe noch die relative Nähe zu The International absolute Bedingungen sind, fanden wir doch, dass ein Pausieren der Wettkampfsaison sowohl ihrer Funktion im Bezug auf The International als auch der Gesamtqualität der Turniere gerechter werden würde. Also war uns Plan, die kommenden Monate für andere Ligen und Events offen und verfügbar zu halten. Unser Ansatz war schon immer, auch unabhängige Turniere zu tolerieren (obwohl sich unsere Prioritäten im Laufe der Jahre durchaus verschoben, weil Spieler und Fans sich einen geordneteren Vorlauf von The International wünschten). Unsere Hoffnung war, dass wir so die Beziehung der Wettkampfsaison zu The International aufrechterhalten und gleichzeitig unabhängigen Events Platz einräumen könnten, wobei Fans über den Herbst immer noch aufregende Spiele geboten werden würden.  Unmittelbar nach der Bekanntgabe, dass die Wettkampfsaison derzeit nicht wie geplant weiterlaufen würde, bekamen wir sehr viel negatives Feedback von Fans. Viele der genannten Punkte halten wir für berechtigte Kritik, besonders weil wir unsere Absichten und mögliche Zukunftsszenarien nicht klar kommuniziert hatten.In der kommenden Saison werden mindestens vier unabhängige Events und Ligen in der EU/GUS-Region und drei in China stattfinden. Einige weitere befinden sich derzeit in der Planungsphase und stehen noch nicht fest. Allerdings wird es weltweit immer noch viele Teams, Kommentatoren, Organisatoren und Fans geben, die beim derzeit absehbaren Verlauf nicht voll auf ihre Kosten kommen werden. Wir übernehmen hierfür die Verantwortung, da wir nicht aktiv genug an einer Lösung gearbeitet und zu wenig Unterstützung geleistet haben.Wir befinden uns derzeit in Kontakt mit diversen weiteren Turnierveranstaltern und möchten durch finanzielle und anderweitige Unterstützung das Angebot bis zum Jahresende erhöhen. Wir erwarten, dass diese Events im verbleibenden Verlauf der Saison nach und nach angekündigt werden, sobald sie die vorläufige Planungsphase verlassen.Weiteres Feedback von Spielern und Fans war der Wunsch nach konkreteren Aussagen zu möglichen Daten für die Wiederaufnahme der Wettkampfsaison und The International. Derzeit gehen wir davon aus, dass die Wettkampfsaison im Januar oder Februar 2021 starten kann. Wir hoffen, dass bis zum Abschluss der ersten Ligaphase die weltweiten Reisebeschränkungen berechenbarer sind, sodass Majors und überregionale Turniere stattfinden können. Wir gehen außerdem davon aus, dass das wahrscheinlichste Szenario für The International der August 2021 in Stockholm sein wird. Weitere Länder sind als Ausweichlösung geplant, aber wir sind uns der Enttäuschung bewusst, die eine Verlegung ohne signifikanten Zeitgewinn zur Folge hätte.  Wir sind uns auch der Meinungen und Bedenken hinsichtlich der DotaTV-Übertragungsrechte bewusst. Dieses Thema haben wir bereits einmal offen diskutiert und nach dem Sammeln weiterer Daten hat sich unsere Meinung etwas geändert. Im Grundsatz glauben wir immer noch, dass es für Fans und die Szene insgesamt positiv ist, wenn Streamer aus der Community ein Turnier mit eigenem Kommentar begleiten. Wir glauben auch, dass diese Turniere über lange Sicht von der dadurch generierten zusätzlichen Reichweite profitieren. Allerdings ist es auch richtig, dass dieses Verhalten unmittelbar die Einnahmen der Organisatoren schmälert, weil es eine effektive Monetarisierung der Veranstaltung erschwert. Ab dem 15. September wird die Dota-Lizenz deshalb um folgendes ergänzt: Organisatoren von Dota-2-Turnieren können Streamern aus der Community zumutbare und einfach umzusetzende, nicht monetäre Auflagen machen, etwa die Darstellung der Sponsoren des Organisators in ihren Streams oder der Einbau einer leichten Verzögerung. Streamer können DotaTV-Übertragungen nur dann für ihre Streams verwenden, wenn sie diesen Bedingungen zustimmen. Wir glauben, das dies Streamern aus der Community mehr Sicherheit und Vertrauen gibt, Turnierspiele ohne großen Aufruhr kommentieren zu können, während gleichzeitig einige der Kerninteressen von Turnierveranstaltern gewahrt werden. Um möglichen kurzfristigen Problemen aus dem Weg zu gehen, empfehlen wir Kommentatoren mit geplantem eigenem Stream, sich rechtzeitig mit dem Veranstalter in Verbindung zu setzen und die Erfüllung der Auflagen sicherzustellen. Turnierveranstalter und relevante Parteien können sich bei Fragen gerne über [email protected] an uns wenden.Aus den Tiefen der Spielkiste krabbelt eine fürchterliche Puppe in die Schlacht. Verfügbar für alle Schlachtenpassbesitzer mit Level 255 oder höher. Die neue Heldenpersona „Der Plüschmetzger“ für Pudge kommt mit einem neuen Modell, neuen Animationen sowie neuer Vertonung.Alle Bewohner der Spielkiste fürchten den Plüschmetzger. Er schleicht sich durch Schatten und Ecken und trachtet dabei immer nach der nächsten Plüschmeuchelei. Jedes Spielzeug weiß: Sobald dich der Metzgerhaken erwischt, sind deine Füllung und dein Leben dahin. Einsam und zerstreut liegen deine zerlumpten Überreste auf den Pfaden, während das plüschige Monster fröhlich davonschlendert.Lösen Sie die neue Persona jetzt in Ihrem Schlachtenpass ein und nehmen Sie dabei auch gleich das neue Ansagerpaket „Stimme von The International“ mit, das allen Schlachtenpassbesitzern ab Level 75 ihren nächsten Sieg noch epischer macht.L’automne est là ! Pour fêter cela, voici une moisson de mises à jour pour Dota Plus et les guildes. La nouvelle saison commence aujourd’hui et durera jusqu’au début du mois de décembre 2020.Trésor d’automne 2020Les membres de Dota Plus peuvent maintenant acheter un nouveau trésor avec des fragments. Ce trésor comprend 12 ensembles créés par la communauté pour Nyx Assassin, Leshrac, Medusa, Vengeful Spirit, Weaver, Clockwerk, Faceless Void, Doom, Sven, Axe, Crystal Maiden et Tusk. Il voit également la réintroduction des gemmes éthérées et des gemmes prismatiques. Le coursier très rare Oisillon flamboyant est prééquipé d’une gemme de chaque type choisie au hasard. Nous prévoyons de proposer tous les 3 mois un nouveau trésor saisonnier qui pourra être acheté avec des fragments. Le prochain trésor sera disponible le 1ᵉʳ décembre, le prochain 3 mois plus tard, et ainsi de suite. Les quêtes et les terrains saisonniers seront renouvelés au même rythme. Mises à jour apportées à Dota PlusEn plus des autres moyens qui permettent d’obtenir des fragments, les membres de Dota Plus peuvent gagner jusqu’à 57 850 fragments en accomplissant les nouvelles quêtes de la saison d’automne 2020. Ces fragments supplémentaires vous permettront, entre autres, d’acheter le nouveau trésor saisonnier. Qui plus est, les membres de Dota Plus peuvent maintenant utiliser le nouvel agencement de la grille de sélection « Assistant de rôle ». Tandis que la communauté de Dota trouve de nouvelles façons d’utiliser les héros et héroïnes, le nouvel assistant de rôle suit les tendances de sélection de ces héros et héroïnes en matchmaking classé avec rôles et les catégorise en fonction du rôle qui leur est le plus attribué. Ces données sont mises à jour automatiquement pour que vous puissiez connaitre les dernières tendances, et elles peuvent être filtrées en fonction du MMR.Plusieurs fonctionnalités du passe de bataille ont également été transférées vers Dota Plus :De plus, nous avons augmenté la limite du nombre de personnes qui peuvent être ajoutées à la liste de celles à éviter : elle passe de 16 à 25.Distribution générale de fragmentsNous voulons que tout le monde puisse obtenir et dépenser des fragments. Dès aujourd’hui, n’importe qui pourra en obtenir sans être membre de Dota Plus.Bien que le moyen le plus efficace d’obtenir des fragments soit d’être membre de Dota Plus, les fonctionnalités suivantes sont maintenant disponibles pour tout le monde :Mises à jour apportées aux guildesNous avons réintégré les guildes au jeu pendant le passe de bataille, et nous avons découvert avec plaisir le nombre de personnes qui contribuaient à faire progresser leur guilde, ainsi que les nombreux retours qui nous ont été envoyés. Le système actuel des guildes restera tel quel, mais la plupart des fonctionnalités et des récompenses décernées étaient spécifiques au passe de bataille. Nous les avons modifiées afin que vous puissiez continuer à vous amuser au sein de votre guilde.Les guildes n’ont plus de niveau : à la place, nous avons ajouté un classement hebdomadaire des points de guilde obtenus dans une région donnée. Une fois par semaine, les membres d’une guilde recevront leur nouveau rang de guilde et pourront récupérer des fragments en récompense. Les membres de Dota Plus recevront le double de fragments. En fonction de la place de votre guilde au classement hebdomadaire, vous aurez également accès à des récompenses spéciales qui pourront être modifiées au fil du temps. Voici les récompenses actuelles :À la fin de chaque semaine, tous les points de guilde seront réduits d’un certain pourcentage afin de permettre aux nouvelles guildes de rattraper les plus anciennes. Elles devront toutefois redoubler d’efforts pour tenter d’arriver au même niveau que les meilleures guildes ! Nous voulons que cette fonctionnalité récompense les guildes actives qui coopèrent activement chaque semaine pour gagner des points. Dans cette optique, nous suivrons et modifierons au besoin la réduction de points hebdomadaire. Les contrats de guilde accordent maintenant à la fois des points de guilde et des fragments. Tout le monde peut choisir un contrat par jour, et les membres de Dota Plus peuvent en choisir deux. Les défis de guildes doivent toujours être accomplis par des groupes de 3 personnes ou plus. Ils feront gagner des points de guilde pour le classement. Qui plus est, lorsque vous jouez à une partie en tant que membre de guilde, votre guilde gagne des points. Ceux-ci augmentent si vous jouez en groupe avec des membres de votre guilde.Tout le monde peut rejoindre une guilde, mais il faut être membre de Dota Plus pour en créer une.Saison classéePar le passé, nous avons constaté que forcer l’ensemble des joueurs et joueuses à recalibrer leur MMR en même temps présentait de nombreux inconvénients. C’est en partie pour cette raison que nous n’avions plus envie de le recalibrer tous les 6 mois. Toutefois, après avoir partagé notre ressenti, plusieurs d’entre vous nous ont fait savoir à quel point cette fonctionnalité était importante à leurs yeux et ont émis diverses suggestions.Pour cette saison, nous allons tenter une nouvelle approche pour le recalibrage du MMR. Nous allons rendre le recalibrage de MMR facultatif, et pour les personnes qui voudront le recalibrer, nous étalerons la période de recalibrage afin de ne pas provoquer trop d’instabilité au même moment (en plus de celle qui existe déjà quand on participe à des parties de calibration). Nous espérons que cela réglera la plupart des inconvénients rencontrés lors du recalibrage du MMR, et que cela permettra aux personnes qui veulent vraiment le recalibrer de le faire dans un environnement de jeu un peu plus stable.Pour recalibrer votre MMR, lancez le jeu, accédez aux paramètres et rendez-vous dans l’onglet « Compte » pour découvrir la nouvelle section de recalibrage du MMR. Afin que tout le monde ne recalibre pas son MMR en même temps, les dates de début du recalibrage seront étalées entre le 22 octobre et le 22 novembre 2020. Vous pourrez ensuite commencer votre recalibrage à n’importe quel moment jusqu’à la fin de la saison. Vous pouvez soit commencer le recalibrage dès que le bouton est disponible, soit ne pas recalibrer votre MMR, soit vous échauffer un peu en mode classé avant de commencer.CommunicationLa communauté nous a fait savoir qu’elle voulait que l’on parle un peu plus des choses sur lesquelles nous travaillons. Nous avons tendance à peu communiquer sur quelque chose avant sa sortie pour diverses raisons. Parfois, il y a un changement de programme ou une idée ne parvient pas à aboutir à quelque chose de concret, etc. D’autres fois, nous ne sommes pas en mesure de planifier avec précision la date de sortie d’un projet et nous ne voulons pas susciter de faux espoirs ou des déceptions si une mise à jour ne sort pas au moment prévu.Cela dit, nous admettons que nous devrions parfois équilibrer cette approche pour répondre à l’engouement de la communauté. Nous allons donc vous partager quelques informations sur divers sujets ci-dessous.Le premier concerne les nouveaux personnages. Nous savons que la communauté attend chaque année la sortie de nouveaux héros et héroïnes en automne (généralement aux alentours du mois de novembre). Nous prévoyons de sortir un nouveau personnage à la fin du mois de novembre. D’autres suivront tout au long de l’année prochaine, et le prochain arrivera au cours du premier trimestre de 2021. Ces derniers temps, nous avons réfléchi à adopter une nouvelle approche de développement qui consisterait à étaler les mises à jour tout au long de l’année, plutôt que de proposer la majorité du nouveau contenu en même temps que The International. Avec ces mises à jour plus régulières, nous espérons susciter davantage l’intérêt des joueurs et joueuses.Récemment, nous avons aussi travaillé sur la problématique du comportement toxique de certaines personnes. Certains éléments que nous avons développés ont été ajoutés au jeu sans en faire mention dans les notes de mise à jour, tandis que d’autres sont encore en cours de développement. Nous avons amélioré nos systèmes de détection des smurfs (des joueuses et joueurs expérimentés qui utilisent de nouveaux comptes), et nous avons commencé à empêcher ces comptes de pouvoir rejoindre des groupes débutants ou réguliers. Les comptes smurfs ont maintenant beaucoup plus de chances de ne jouer qu’avec d’autres smurfs. Cela inclut les groupes où un seul des comptes est un smurf. Il y a également de grandes chances que le grade de conduite de leurs autres comptes soit transféré vers ce nouveau compte afin de limiter leur impact négatif en jeu. Nous avons également fait en sorte que les nouveaux comptes atteignent leur rang réel plus vite, mais le travail n’est pas terminé. Nous travaillons actuellement sur plusieurs approches qui pourraient résoudre ce problème, mais elles sont encore en cours d’expérimentation.Nous avons aussi banni un grand nombre de comptes de boosters grâce au travail que nous avons effectué ces derniers mois sur notre système de détection, qui est maintenant suffisamment fiable en la matière. Ces 30 derniers jours, nous avons banni plus de 14 000 comptes et avons développé des systèmes pour bannir continuellement les comptes de boosters à l’avenir. Ce projet nécessite toutefois des améliorations constantes pour ne pas tomber en désuétude. C’est pourquoi des méthodes de détection plus avancées sont également en cours d’expérimentation.En ce qui concerne les comportements toxiques des personnes en jeu, nous développons actuellement un nouveau système Overwatch quelque peu semblable à celui présent dans CS:GO. Nous ne pouvons pas vous en dire plus pour le moment, mais nous vous en dévoilerons tous les détails dès que possible. Nous espérons pouvoir le rendre disponible très prochainement.Pour finir, nous avons fait quelques modifications au niveau du moteur pour améliorer quelque peu les performances sur les machines avec des processeurs multicœurs. Nous allons bientôt étendre ces modifications au niveau de Dota. Il nous reste encore quelques essais à faire afin de résoudre les quelques bugs possibles, mais nous espérons pouvoir les rendre disponibles d’ici la semaine prochaine. Comme vous pouvez vous y attendre, les changements au niveau du code pourront rendre cette mise à jour un tantinet effrayante.Aujourd’hui se termine la saison du passe de bataille de The International 10. Nous tenons à remercier toutes les personnes qui y ont participé. Si cette année ne s’est pas terminée avec une équipe soulevant l’Aegis, toute l’équipe de Valve espère que vous, ainsi que votre famille, demeurez en bonne santé. Nous avons hâte de pouvoir nous réunir pour TI10 !La saison étant close, nous avons le plaisir de vous annoncer les résultats du vote Arcane de 2020. Cette année, les votes récoltés par l’héroïne et le héros les plus violets de Dota 2, Spectre et Faceless Void, se comptent par millions : avec 27 475 258 voix contre 24 948 538, c’est Spectre qui remporte l’Arcane. L’équipe s’attèlera à la conception d’une Arcane adaptée à Mercurial et canalisera son énergie sombre pour lui prêter des traits encore jamais imaginés. Comment tourmentera-t-elle sa proie ? Comment sa réfraction pourra-t-elle affaiblir ses adversaires ? Quelle couleur l’illuminera lorsqu’elle brandira son Spectral Dagger ? Le violet, bien sûr, mais quelle NUANCE de violet ? La patience est de mise pour les fanas de lavande, de prune et de lilas. Avec le temps, toutes ces questions (ou certaines, en tout cas) trouveront réponse.Par ailleurs, de nouvelles mises à jour de Dota Plus seront publiées la semaine prochaine, parmi lesquelles une mise à jour des guildes, une nouvelle saison Dota Plus et un nouveau mécanisme de réinitialisation du MMR. Le trésor immortel III est enfin disponible ! Il comprend de tout nouveaux items pour Pugna, Clockwerk, Oracle, Treant Protector, Gyrocopter et Lich.En plus d’un de ces items, à chaque fois que vous ouvrez un de ces trésors vous augmentez vos chances de recevoir une récompense rare de 50 niveaux du passe de bataille, une version en or très rare de l’item de Pugna ou des ailes ultra rare pour Phoenix. Comme toujours, vous avez aussi une chance rarissime d’obtenir l’emblème de divinité.Le passe de bataille est prolongé de trois semaines supplémentaires, jusqu’au 9 octobre. Les résultats du vote Arcane seront révélés à ce moment-là. (Petit indice : l’héroïne ou le héros qui aura son Arcane est un carry violet, qui attaque au corps à corps et qui peut se déplacer sur une plus ou moins longue distance aisément.) Pour terminer ce passe de bataille en beauté, celles et ceux qui le possèdent peuvent acheter jusqu’à deux bundles de 60 niveaux pour –30 %.Consultez la page du passe de bataille pour découvrir les nouveaux items contenus dans ce trésor ainsi que leurs effets personnalisés.Lyralei elle-même n’avait pas mesuré la véritable importance de son lien avec le vent protecteur. Sans aucun souvenir de son enfance ou de ses aïeuls, il lui avait fallu discerner la vérité à travers les murmures des arbres baignés de soleil qui l’entouraient et les hurlements des tempêtes qui balayaient tout sur leur passage, même la lumière du jour. Mais plus elle grandit, et plus ce lien étrange avec le vent protecteur se renforça. C’est ainsi qu’elle commença à se questionner sérieusement sur ses origines. Célébrez le pouvoir du vent grâce au tout nouveau bundle Arcane « Boussole du cyclone naissant », maintenant disponible dans le passe de bataille de The International 10.Ce bundle Arcane comprend un nouveau modèle, un nouvel attirail de base, de nouvelles animations, une barre de canalisation personnalisée, un compteur de dégâts infligés par Fire Focus, des effets d’ambiance venteux pour les deux styles, des améliorations aux effets des items immortels et de base pour ses capacités, de nouveaux effets de mort pour Windranger et les héroïnes et héros tués par ses flèches, et plus de 500 nouvelles répliques exclusives. Infligez un maximum de dégâts à vos adversaires à l’aide de Focus Fire pour débloquer le style alternatif « Méditation de l’ouragan ».Consultez la page de la mise à jour « Boussole du cycle naissant » pour plus d’informations.Nous avons reçu dernièrement de nombreux commentaires négatifs concernant l’état du circuit professionnel de Dota (DPC) et nous reconnaissons que nous aurions dû faire davantage à ce sujet. Nous retraçons dans ce billet ce qui s’est passé auparavant, ce que nous envisagions et ce que nous allons faire.Quand l’étendue de la pandémie de COVID-19 est devenue évidente, nous avons communiqué notre intention de reporter The International (TI), et avons commencé à réserver des lieux pour plusieurs choix alternatifs de dates et de pays dans le monde. Nous avons ensuite cherché comment organiser The International en envisageant divers scénarios de pandémie, avec l’espoir que l’événement pourrait avoir lieu au plus tôt. Comme les tournois du DPC du printemps ne pouvaient plus avoir lieu, nous avons d’abord contacté les groupes organisateurs pour voir ce qu’ils envisageaient de faire à l’avenir. Certains nous ont dit vouloir organiser des événements tiers pour couvrir la période allant de mars à la fin de l’été.Au fur et à mesure que nous approchions du milieu de l’été, la volatilité de l’épidémie s’était largement accentuée, et l’impact qu’elle pouvait avoir sur de futurs tournois du DPC et sur The International est devenu pour nous une forte préoccupation. La situation mondiale rendait peu probable la tenue de matchs internationaux pendant un certain temps. Nous avons depuis vu certains scénarios se produire dans d’autres compétitions internationales : les équipes de certains pays ont dû être exclues après s’être qualifiées en raison de restrictions sur les voyages et de complications soudaines. Nous avions déjà anticipé qu’il ne serait pas possible de réunir le public pour les tournois du DPC, mais nous souhaitions au moins pouvoir envisager sereinement de réunir toutes les équipes pour une compétition internationale. Nous considérons cette réunion comme un élément décisif dans l’attribution des points du DPC pour The International. Il y avait également une incertitude sur la date de The International même, et étant donné le délai important nécessaire, il était difficile de déterminer avec confiance un créneau de dates vu l’expansion de l’épidémie. Le fait que la saison du DPC et ses péripéties se trouvent trop détachées du cheminement vers The International était un point négatif pour nous. Cela aurait aussi nécessité un système de dégradation des points du DPC. Ce n’est pas forcément une mauvaise chose en soi, mais il y a certains inconvénients à devoir l’introduire de manière abrupte en milieu de saison si le paysage change. De plus, certains groupes organisateurs s’inquiétaient également d’une qualité de diffusion plus basse, ou étaient réticents à organiser des tournois du DPC à l’automne. Si la compétition internationale et la proximité avec The International ne sont pas des conditions impératives, il nous a semblé que, vis-à-vis de leur double nature d’éléments de The International et de produit cohérent pour les fans, il valait mieux remettre à plus tard les tournois du DPC pour l’instant. Notre plan était donc de laisser libres les prochains mois afin que d’autres événements et ligues puissent avoir lieu. Historiquement, nous avons toujours voulu que des tournois tiers puissent exister en dehors de The International (cette volonté a toutefois connu quelques fluctuations au fil des années, car la demande des fans et des compétiteurs pour des circuits plus structurés menant à TI s’est accrue). En adoptant cette approche, nous avions l’espoir de parvenir à une relation meilleure et plus cohérente entre le DPC et TI tout en permettant aux tournois tiers de continuer à avoir un impact, notre objectif final étant toujours de pouvoir proposer aux fans du contenu intéressant à regarder à l’automne.Peu après notre annonce de ne pas poursuivre dans l’immédiat le DPC comme prévu, nous avons reçu de nombreuses réactions négatives des fans. De nombreux points soulevés nous paraissent des critiques fondées à notre égard, en particulier parce que nous n’avons pas communiqué nos intentions ni ce à quoi ils pouvaient s’attendre dans l’avenir.Pour la prochaine saison compétitive, il y aura au moins quatre tournois tiers et tournois de ligues en Europe et CEI, trois en Chine, plus quelques autres qui en sont encore au stade préliminaire de planification et sont donc encore incertains pour l’instant. Cependant, bien des équipes, groupes organisateurs, commentateurs, commentatrices et fans dans le monde ne trouveront pas leur compte avec la tournure actuelle des événements. La faute nous en revient, car nous ne les avons pas suffisamment poussés et soutenus.Dans cette optique, nous avons commencé à contacter beaucoup plus de groupes organisateurs de tournois pour offrir notre aide et notre soutien financier, dans le but d’augmenter la couverture mondiale pour le reste de l’année. Nous nous attendons à ce que ces événements soient progressivement annoncés au fil de la saison en cours dès qu’ils seront prêts pour une communication aux fans et aux équipes.Par ailleurs, parmi les compétiteurs et les fans, on nous a demandé plus de clarté sur les dates probables selon nous de reprise du DPC et de TI. À l’heure actuelle, nous envisageons un démarrage du DPC en janvier ou février 2021. Nous espérons qu’après la conclusion de la première ligue du DPC, les restrictions de voyages seront plus prédictibles et que les restrictions spontanées seront moins probables, ce qui permettra la tenue de tournois majeurs lors de compétitions internationales. Nous partons également du principe que le plus probable est que The International ait lieu à Stockholm en août 2021. Nous envisageons d’autres pays comme solutions de rechange, mais il est clair que ce serait une contrariété pour les fans de le déplacer dans un autre pays si cela n’apportait pas un gain de temps substantiel.Nous avons aussi pris en compte vos commentaires et inquiétudes concernant les droits de streaming de DotaTV. C’est un sujet dont nous avons discuté ouvertement dans le passé, et sur lequel nos opinions ont légèrement évolué au fil des données que nous avons recueillies. Nous persistons à penser que lorsque des streamers de la communauté diffusent leur commentaire personnel sur un tournoi, cela apporte un plus aux fans et à la scène compétitive. Nous pensons également qu’à long terme, les tournois eux-mêmes bénéficient de cette exposition supplémentaire aux fans de ces streamers de la communauté. Néanmoins, il est vrai que cela peut entraîner une perte de revenus à court terme et réduire la capacité de monétisation pour les groupes qui organisent les tournois. À partir du 15 septembre, la licence Dota sera mise à jour pour refléter ceci : les groupes qui organisent des tournois Dota 2 devront transmettre aux streamers de la communauté un ensemble de conditions non monétaires raisonnables et simples à réaliser, par exemple afficher les sponsors des groupes organisateurs sur leurs streams, ou streamer les matchs en léger différé. Les streamers de la communauté pourront utiliser le flux de DotaTV dans leur diffusion pourvu qu’ils ou elles adhèrent à ces conditions. Grâce à cette mesure, les streamers de la communauté pourront, avec plus de certitude et de confiance, streamer sans créer de remous, et certains intérêts essentiels des groupes qui organisent les tournois seront protégés. Pour éviter des problèmes de dernière minute, nous recommandons aux commentateurs et commentatrices qui souhaitent streamer un tournoi de se coordonner avec le groupe organisateur à l’avance, afin d’assurer qu’ils ou elles pourront satisfaire les conditions présentées. Pour les groupes organisateurs de tournois et les parties concernées qui auraient des questions, n’hésitez pas à nous contacter à l’adresse [email protected]Depuis les profondeurs du coffre à jouets, une peluche effroyable rejoint le champ de bataille. Maintenant disponible pour toutes les personnes qui ont atteint le niveau 255 du passe de bataille, le nouveau persona de héros « Boucher en peluche » pour Pudge comprend un tout nouveau modèle, de nouvelles animations et de nouvelles répliques.Particulièrement redouté par les autres peluches qui habitent le coffre à jouets, le boucher en peluche rôde dans les recoins sombres du panier, toujours en quête d’une nouvelle proie. Tous les jouets savent qu’une fois que le crochet du boucher vous a transpercé, votre vie et vos entrailles duveteuses vous échappent et s’éparpillent sur le champ de bataille, tandis que le jouet infernal s’éloigne joyeusement de votre dépouille abandonnée et en lambeaux.Récupérez ce nouveau persona dès maintenant depuis votre passe de bataille. Et dans le même temps, n’oubliez pas d’obtenir le pack de l’annonceur « La voix de The International », disponible pour toutes les personnes qui ont atteint le niveau 75, afin qu’il vous guide vers votre prochaine victoire.La stagione autunnale è alle porte e siamo felici di annunciare gli aggiornamenti di Dota Plus e delle gilde. La stagione inizia oggi e durerà fino all’inizio di dicembre 2020.Tesoro Autunnale 2020I membri di Dota Plus ora possono acquistare un nuovo tesoro usando i frammenti. Questo tesoro include 12 set creati dalla Comunità per Nyx Assassin, Leshrac, Medusa, Vengeful Spirit, Weaver, Clockwerk, Faceless Void, Doom, Sven, Axe, Crystal Maiden e Tusk. Inoltre, include la reintroduzione delle gemme eteree e prismatiche: il corriere molto raro Pulcino Ardente sarà già equipaggiato con una gemma casuale di ciascuno dei due tipi. Il nostro piano al momento è di presentare ogni 3 mesi un nuovo tesoro stagionale acquistabile con i frammenti. Il prossimo tesoro sarà disponibile il primo dicembre e poi ogni 3 mesi a partire da quella data. Ciò si allineerà alle missioni e ai terreni stagionali. Aggiornamenti di Dota PlusIn aggiunta ai modi esistenti di guadagnare frammenti, i membri di Dota Pus possono guadagnarne fino a 57.850 da una nuova stagione di missioni per l’autunno 2020. Questi frammenti extra vi daranno i fondi necessari per approfittare del tesoro stagionale. I membri di Dota Plus ora possono usare il nuovo Assistente dei ruoli per schierare gli Eroi sulla griglia. Mentre la Comunità di Dota trova nuovi modi per utilizzare gli Eroi, il nuovo Assistente dei ruoli registra automaticamente le scelte relative a tutti gli Eroi nella ricerca delle partite classificate e mostra gli Eroi nei ruoli in cui vengono selezionati più spesso. Questi dati vengono aggiornati automaticamente in modo da evidenziare i trend più recenti e si possono filtrare per livello di abilità (MMR).Molte delle funzionalità del Pass Battaglia, inoltre, ora fanno parte di Dota Plus:Inoltre, abbiamo aumentato da 16 a 25 il numero di giocatori che è possibile inserire nella lista dei giocatori da evitare.Frammenti per tuttiVogliamo che tutti i giocatori si divertano guadagnando e spendendo frammenti, quindi abbiamo modificato questa valuta in modo che sia disponibile per tutti i giocatori e non solo per quelli di Dota Plus.Anche se il modo più efficiente per guadagnare frammenti è avere Dota Plus, abbiamo abilitato il seguente sottogruppo di funzionalità per tutti i giocatori:Aggiornamenti delle gildeAbbiamo reintrodotto le gilde durante il Pass Battaglia e siamo stati felici di vedere quanti giocatori abbiano partecipato alle gilde e ci abbiano inviato i loro commenti. Stiamo mantenendo le gilde esistenti, ma molte delle ricompense ottenute funzionavano solamente nel contesto del Pass Battaglia. Abbiamo riprogettato quelle funzionalità in modo che ci si possa divertire giocando con la propria gilda in qualunque momento.Le gilde non hanno più un Livello gilda, che è stato sostituito da una classifica settimanale dei punti gilda guadagnati in una data regione. Una volta a settimana, i membri delle gilde riceveranno il loro nuovo grado della gilda e potranno ricevere una ricompensa in frammenti. I membri di Dota Plus otterranno una quantità doppia di frammenti. La posizione nella classifica settimanale della gilda determina anche l’accesso a ricompense speciali che potrebbero cambiare nel corso del tempo. Il set di ricompense corrente è:Alla fine della settimana, tutti i punti gilda esistenti decadranno di una percentuale. In questo modo, le nuove gilde potranno recuperare terreno su quelle esistenti, anche se ovviamente dovranno lavorare sodo per raggiungere le migliori! Vogliamo che questa funzionalità ricompensi le gilde attive e impegnate che lavorano insieme ogni settimana per guadagnare punti. Per raggiungere questo scopo, terremo d’occhio e regoleremo il decadimento in percentuale settimanale. I contratti delle gilde ora fanno guadagnare sia punti gilda che frammenti. Tutti i giocatori hanno accesso a uno slot per contratti al giorno, i membri di Dota Plus ne hanno a disposizione due. Le sfide delle gilde sono ancora completate in gruppi di 3 o più membri della gilda e fanno guadagnare punti gilda validi per la classifica. Giocare a una partita insieme a una gilda fa guadagnare punti gilda, con bonus per chi è in gruppo con i propri compagni di gilda.Tutti i giocatori possono unirsi a una gilda, ma solo i membri di Dota Plus possono crearne una.Stagione classificataIn passato abbiamo notato diversi aspetti negativi nel costringere tutti a resettare il proprio livello di abilità allo stesso momento. Questo è in parte il motivo per cui siamo riluttanti a continuare a resettare il livello ogni 6 mesi. Tuttavia, dopo aver parlato recentemente di questa riluttanza, abbiamo ricevuto molti commenti su quanto sia importante questa funzionalità per i giocatori, insieme a vari suggerimenti su come affrontare la questione.Per questa stagione, tenteremo un nuovo approccio con il reset del livello di abilità. Il reset diventerà opzionale e, per coloro che vorranno partecipare, sarà più spalmato nel tempo, in modo da non creare troppa instabilità allo stesso momento (che si aggiunge a quella che si verifica quando si inizia la calibrazione). Speriamo che questo approccio rimuoverà la maggior parte degli svantaggi del reset del livello di abilità e che regalerà agli utenti che vogliono partecipare un’esperienza più stabile.La nuova sezione per la ricalibrazione del livello di abilità si trova nelle impostazioni, sotto la scheda Account, dopo aver effettuato l’accesso. Per evitare che tutti effettuino la ricalibrazione allo stesso momento, la consentiremo in più momenti dal 22 ottobre al 22 novembre 2020 e poi in qualunque momento dopo la fine della stagione. Premete il pulsante nel momento stesso in cui si attiverà, non premetelo affatto oppure fate un po’ di pratica in vista delle partite competitive prima di premerlo.ComunicazioneLa Comunità ci ha chiesto di parlare di più delle cose su cui stiamo lavorando. Ci sono diversi motivi per i quali tendiamo a non parlarne prima di essere pronti a rilasciare qualcosa: piani che cambiano, idee che non si concretizzano, ecc. A volte abbiamo le idee poco chiare sulle date e non vogliamo alimentare speranze sugli obiettivi di un aggiornamento oppure deludere gli utenti se le stime si rivelano sbagliate.Detto ciò, ci rendiamo conto che a volte dobbiamo bilanciare questo approccio con il desiderio da parte della Comunità di ricevere maggiori informazioni. Ecco dunque delle informazioni aggiuntive su alcuni argomenti.Innanzitutto, i nuovi Eroi. Sappiamo che la Comunità di solito si aspetta nuovi Eroi nell’autunno di ogni anno (di solito verso novembre). Al momento, la nostra idea è di rilasciare dei nuovi Eroi alla fine di novembre e altri nel corso del prossimo anno, con il primo rilascio che dovrebbe avvenire entro i primi tre mesi del 2021. Di recente abbiamo pensato di provare un approccio di sviluppo generale consistente nello spalmare gli aggiornamenti nel corso dell’anno, invece che concentrare nuovi contenuti e aggiornamenti nel periodo del The International. Speriamo che l’introduzione più costante di nuovi contenuti sia più coinvolgente per i giocatori rispetto agli approcci precedenti.Un’altra area su cui abbiamo lavorato ultimamente è il comportamento e la tossicità dei giocatori. Alcuni elementi sono stati discussi pubblicamente di recente al di fuori delle note delle patch, mentre altri sono ancora in fase di sviluppo. Abbiamo effettuato dei miglioramenti ai nostri sistemi di rilevazione degli smurf (utenti veterani che creano nuovi account) e, di conseguenza, abbiamo iniziato a separare i nuovi account che fanno il loro ingresso nel pool dei nuovi giocatori. Ora è molto più probabile che gli account smurf vengano associati solo ad altri account dello stesso tipo. Questo include gruppi in cui un solo giocatore è uno smurf. È anche probabile che questi account ereditino i punteggi dovuti a un comportamento negativo del loro account alternativo, in modo da limitare il loro impatto negativo quando giocano. Abbiamo anche effettuato alcuni miglioramenti volti a inserire più rapidamente i nuovi account nel livello di abilità corretto. Tuttavia, c’è dell’altro lavoro da fare su questo aspetto. Ci sono un paio di approcci su cui stiamo lavorando, ma al momento sono ancora in uno stato di ricerca/sperimentale.Abbiamo anche iniziato ad aumentare i ban degli account booster (account che manipolano il livello di abilità di altri giocatori) grazie al miglioramento negli ultimi mesi dei relativi sistemi di rilevazione e alla maggiore sicurezza nella nostra abilità di bandire i giocatori coinvolti. Negli ultimi 30 giorni abbiamo bandito oltre 14.000 account e abbiamo impostato dei sistemi per continuare a bandire i giocatori colpevoli di boosting. Questa è un’area che ha bisogno di lavoro e miglioramenti costanti per continuare a fare progressi, alcuni dei quali saranno aiutati da metodi di rilevazione più avanzati che sono anch’essi ancora in uno stato di ricerca/sperimentale.In termini di tossicità e comportamenti che rovinano il gioco, stiamo lavorando su un nuovo sistema in stile Sorveglianza, in un certo senso simile a quello di CS:GO. Non siamo ancora pronti a condividere maggiori informazioni su questo sistema, ma lo faremo non appena possibile. Speriamo di introdurlo nel gioco il prima possibile.Infine, abbiamo lavorato allo sviluppo del motore di gioco, ottenendo miglioramenti moderati delle prestazioni su CPU multi-core che verranno applicati a Dota. Dovremo svolgere ancora alcuni test, poiché potrebbero provocare dei bug, ma prevediamo di terminare all’incirca la settimana prossima. Come potete immaginarvi, viste le modifiche al codice necessarie, il rilascio potrebbe essere un po’ instabile.Oggi segna la fine della stagione del Pass Battaglia del The International 10. Grazie a tutti coloro che hanno partecipato e, benché quest’anno non sia culminato con l’Egida issata da una squadra, tutti noi di Valve speriamo che voi e le vostre famiglie restiate in salute e siamo impazienti di radunare tutti quanti per il TI11.Con la chiusura della stagione, abbiamo il piacere di annunciare i risultati del voto Arcano del 2020. Quest’anno la Comunità ha espresso milioni di voti per due degli eroi più viola del gruppo di Dota 2, Faceless Void e Spectre. Con un distacco di 27.475.258 di voti rispetto a 24.948.538, il vincitore Arcano di quest’anno è Spectre. Il team inizierà a progettare un Arcano adatto a Mercurial, lo Spettro, canalizzando la sua energia oscura in forme finora inimmaginabili. Come tormenterà la sua preda? In che modo la sua rifrazione potrà intaccare i suoi nemici? Quando prende la mira con il suo Pugnale spettrale, di quale colore letale brillerà? Sì, viola, ovviamente, ma quale SFUMATURA di viola? Tenetevi forte, amanti del colore lavanda, del color prugna e del color lillà. Col tempo tutte queste domande (o forse solo alcune) riceveranno una risposta.Inoltre, settimana prossima rilasceremo alcuni nuovi aggiornamenti a Dota Plus, tra cui aggiornamenti alle gilde, una nuova stagione di Dota Plus e un nuovo meccanismo di azzeramento del livello di abilità. Il Tesoro Immortale III è ora disponibile e include oggetti nuovi di zecca per Pugna, Clockwerk, Oracle, Treant, Gyrocopter e Lich.Oltre a questi oggetti, ciascuno di questi tesori che apri offre probabilità aumentate di ricevere una ricompensa rara di 50 livelli del Pass Battaglia, una versione molto rara di un oggetto per Pugna o le ultra rare Ali di Phoenix. Come sempre, c’è anche una probabilità universalmente rara di scoprire un Emblema Divino.Il Pass Battaglia verrà esteso per altre 3 settimane, fino al 9 ottobre, quando verranno svelati i risultati del voto Arcano (indizio: un carry viola corpo a corpo che può percorrere grandi distanze con facilità). Durante questi ultimi giorni, ogni possessore del Pass Battaglia può acquistare fino a due pacchetti di 60 livelli al 30% di sconto.Vai sulla pagina del Pass Battaglia per un’anteprima dei nuovi oggetti e degli effetti personalizzati contenuti nel tesoro.Nemmeno Lyralei stessa comprendeva quanto profondo fosse il suo legame con il vento guardiano. Non conoscendo i suoi antenati e non avendo memoria della sua infanzia, non poteva fare altro che cercare la verità nei sussurri degli alberi baciati dal sole o nelle tempeste ululanti impenetrabili persino dalla luce del giorno. Col tempo, però, mentre la sua strana connessione con il vento guardiano continuava a crescere, una certa irrequietudine in merito alle sue origini iniziò a impossessarsi di lei. Sprigiona il potere del vento con il nuovissimo pacchetto Arcano Guida della Burrasca Crescente, disponibile ora nel Pass Battaglia del The International 10.Questo pacchetto Arcano include un nuovo modello, nuovi oggetti di base, nuove animazioni, una barra di canalizzazione e di conteggio dei danni personalizzata per Tiro focalizzato, effetti ambientali “ventosi” per entrambi gli stili, aggiunte agli effetti di base e Immortali per le abilità di Windranger, nuovi effetti di morte per lei e per gli eroi nemici che uccide e oltre 500 nuove frasi esclusive per il pacchetto. Infliggi colpo dopo colpo ai bersagli che uccidi usando Tiro focalizzato per sbloccare lo stile alternativo Riflessi della Burrasca.Ulteriori dettagli disponibili nella pagina dell’aggiornamento Guida della Burrasca Crescente.Di recente abbiamo ricevuto un sacco di lamentele sullo stato del DPC e siamo d’accordo sul fatto che dovremmo fare di più. In questo post vorremmo parlarvi di cosa è successo in passato, di quali sono stati i nostri ragionamenti e di cosa faremo andando avanti.Una volta compresa la portata della pandemia di Covid-19, abbiamo annunciato i nostri piani di rimandare il The International e abbiamo iniziato a prenotare arene in varie date e in Paesi alternativi in tutto il mondo. Poi abbiamo iniziato a pianificare modi per organizzare il The International in base a diversi scenari riguardanti la pandemia, sperando di poterlo tenere il più presto possibile. Poiché gli eventi primaverili del DPC non potevano più avere luogo, abbiamo iniziato a contattare gli organizzatori per capire che programmi avessero per il futuro. Alcuni degli organizzatori hanno manifestato interesse nel pianificare eventi di terze parti per coprire il periodo tra marzo e la fine dell’estate.Con l’avvicinarsi al pieno dell’estate, l’imprevedibilità della pandemia è cresciuta parecchio e abbiamo iniziato a preoccuparci seriamente dell’impatto che avrebbe avuto sui futuri eventi del DPC e sul The International. La situazione globale stava rendendo improbabile il verificarsi di partite tra squadre di Paesi diversi e ci sono stati casi in altre competizioni globali in cui squadre di alcuni Paesi sono state escluse anche dopo essersi qualificate, per via di improvvise complicazioni e restrizioni relative agli spostamenti. Stavamo già dando per scontata l’assenza di pubblico agli eventi del DPC, ma speravamo almeno di poter radunare tutti i team provenienti da diversi Paesi, poiché si tratta di una componente importante di come allochiamo i punti del DPC per il The International. Non eravamo nemmeno sicuri di quando si sarebbe potuto tenere il The International e, visto che l’organizzazione di un evento del genere richiede molto tempo, la diffusione crescente del virus ha reso ancora più difficile una programmazione affidabile. La prospettiva di avere un DPC troppo slegato dal percorso di preparazione al The International non ci allettava. Continuare su quella strada avrebbe anche comportato l’introduzione di un sistema di decadimento dei punti del DPC. In sé, non è una cosa negativa, ma doverlo introdurre nel bel mezzo della stagione in caso di cambiamenti di programma avrebbe comportato dei lati negativi. Inoltre, abbiamo ricevuto dei commenti da un paio di organizzatori preoccupati da una possibile qualità inferiore delle trasmissioni o esitanti alla prospettiva di ospitare eventi del DPC durante l’autunno. Anche se le partite fra squadre di diversi Paesi e la distanza relativa dal The International non sono dei requisiti assoluti, abbiamo sempre considerato il DPC come una funzione del The International e come un prodotto coerente per i fan, pertanto pensavamo che sarebbe stato meglio rimandare temporaneamente entrambi. Per questo motivo, la nostra idea era di rendere i prossimi mesi aperti e disponibili per lo svolgimento di altri eventi e altre leghe. Il nostro approccio è sempre stato guidato dal desiderio di dare la possibilità a eventi di terze parti di esistere al di fuori del The International, anche se tale approccio è stato soggetto a variazioni nel corso degli anni per via di un maggiore desiderio da parte di fan e giocatori di avere un circuito più strutturato in preparazione al The International. La nostra speranza con questo approccio era di stabilire una relazione migliore e più coerente tra il DPC e il The International e al tempo stesso consentire agli eventi di terze parti di avere ancora un impatto. Il risultato finale per i fan sarebbe stata la possibilità di assistere a eventi entusiasmanti durante l’autunno.Poco dopo aver annunciato che non avremmo proceduto con il DPC secondo il programma, abbiamo ricevuto molti commenti negativi da parte dei fan. Crediamo che molte delle critiche che ci sono state rivolte siano ragionevoli, specialmente perché non abbiamo comunicato le nostre intenzioni e cosa aspettarsi in futuro.Per la stagione competitiva in arrivo si terranno almeno quattro eventi di terze parti nell’Unione Europea e nella Comunità degli Stati Indipendenti, tre in Cina e alcuni altri che sono nella fase di programmazione preliminare e che non possiamo ancora garantire. Ci saranno comunque molte squadre, commentatori, organizzatori e fan in tutto il mondo che non riceveranno un trattamento adeguato in base ai programmi correnti e la colpa è nostra per non aver puntato maggiormente su di loro e per non averli supportati abbastanza.Con questo spirito, abbiamo iniziato a contattare molti più organizzatori di tornei per offrire loro aiuto e supporto finanziario, in modo da aumentare la copertura globale durante il resto dell’anno. Ci aspettiamo che questi eventi vengano annunciati gradualmente durante il resto della stagione mano a mano che gli organizzatori saranno pronti a comunicare con i fan e con le squadre.Altri commenti che abbiamo ricevuto da parte di giocatori e fan richiedevano maggiore chiarezza in merito alle probabili nuove date del DPC e del The International. Al momento, pensiamo che il DPC possa avere inizio a gennaio o febbraio del 2021. Speriamo che entro la conclusione della prima lega del DPC le limitazioni agli spostamenti siano più facili da prevedere e che le restrizioni volontarie diventino meno probabili, in modo da consentire lo svolgimento di tornei Major tra squadre di diversi Paesi. Per quanto riguarda il The International, crediamo che lo scenario più probabile preveda il suo svolgimento a Stoccolma ad agosto 2021. Stiamo tenendo in considerazione dei Paesi alternativi, ma ci rendiamo conto che i fan sarebbero frustrati da uno spostamento in un altro Paese se i vantaggi in termini di tempistiche non fossero abbastanza significativi.Abbiamo anche ascoltato i vostri commenti e preoccupazioni riguardo ai diritti di trasmissione di DotaTV. Abbiamo già parlato apertamente di questo argomento in passato e, avendo raccolto più dati, i nostri ragionamenti si sono leggermente evoluti. In ultima analisi continuiamo a pensare che gli streamer della Comunità che commentano da sé un torneo rappresentino un valore positivo per i fan e la scena competitiva. Riteniamo anche che, sul lungo termine, i tornei stessi traggano vantaggio da una maggiore esposizione ai fan di quegli streamer della Comunità. Tuttavia, è anche vero che questo potrebbe causare una perdita economica a breve termine, nonché una minore capacità di monetizzazione efficace per gli organizzatori dei tornei. A cominciare dal 15 settembre, la licenza di Dota sarà aggiornata in modo da riflettere quanto segue: gli organizzatori che gestiscono i tornei di Dota 2 dovranno fornire agli streamer della Comunità una serie di requisiti non monetari ragionevoli e semplici da seguire, come mostrare gli sponsor degli organizzatori nelle loro trasmissioni o accettare un breve ritardo nella trasmissione delle partite. Gli streamer della Comunità potranno usare il feed di DotaTV nelle loro trasmissioni, purché accettino questi requisiti. Riteniamo che questo aumenterà la certezza e la fiducia da parte degli streamer della Comunità di poter commentare senza creare del malcontento, proteggendo nel frattempo alcuni interessi chiave degli organizzatori dei tornei. Per evitare possibili problemi dell’ultimo minuto, vorremmo consigliare ai commentatori che vogliono trasmettere un torneo di coordinarsi in anticipo con l’organizzatore per assicurarsi di poter soddisfare i requisiti presentati. Gli organizzatori dei tornei e le parti interessate che hanno domande possono contattarci all’indirizzo [email protected]Dall’angolo più oscuro del negozio di giocattoli, uno spaventoso personaggio si unisce alla mischia. Disponibile per tutti i possessori del Pass Battaglia che raggiungono il livello 255, il nuovo personaggio alternativo di Pudge “Macellaio giocattolo” presenta modello, animazioni e doppiaggio tutti nuovi.Terrore di tutti i peluche del negozio di giocattoli, il Macellaio giocattolo si aggira negli anfratti oscuri tra gli scaffali, alla perenne ricerca della sua prossima preda. Tutti i giocattoli sanno che, una volta che il Macellaio ti afferra con il suo gancio, puoi dire addio al tuo morbido ripieno (e alla tua vita). Pezzi di stoffa, una volta parte del tuo corpo, resteranno disseminati tra le corsie, mentre il mostro si allontana felice dai solitari brandelli dei tuoi resti.Riscatta ora il nuovo personaggio alternativo nel tuo Pass Battaglia. Tutti i possessori del Pass Battaglia a partire dal livello 75 avranno a disposizione anche il pacchetto annunciatori “La voce del The International” per proclamare le loro prossime vittorie.Ya está aquí la temporada de otoño y nos complace anunciar las actualizaciones de Dota Plus y los clanes. La temporada comienza hoy y durará hasta principios de diciembre de 2020.Tesoro otoñal 2020Los miembros de Dota Plus ahora pueden comprar un tesoro nuevo con fragmentos. Este tesoro incluye 12 sets creados por la comunidad para Nyx Assassin, Leshrac, Medusa, Vengeful Spirit, Weaver, Clockwerk, Faceless Void, Doom, Sven, Axe, Crystal Maiden y Tusk. Además, incluye la reintroducción de Gemas Etéreas y Prismáticas, con el muy raro mensajero Blazing Hatchling que ya viene equipado con una gema aleatoria de cada una de ellas. Nuestro plan en este momento es tener un nuevo tesoro estacional que se pueda comprar con fragmentos cada 3 meses. El próximo tesoro estará disponible el 1 de diciembre y, a partir de ahí, otro nuevo cada 3 meses. Esto también se alineará con las misiones y terrenos estacionales. Actualizaciones de Dota PlusAdemás de las formas existentes de ganar fragmentos, los miembros de Dota Plus pueden ganar hasta 57 850 en una nueva temporada de misiones para el otoño de 2020. Estos fragmentos adicionales te dan la moneda que necesitas para aprovechar el tesoro estacional. Los miembros de Dota Plus ahora pueden usar el nuevo Asistente de roles para colocar a los héroes en la cuadrícula. Según la comunidad de Dota vaya encontrando nuevas y diferentes formas de jugar con los héroes, el nuevo Asistente de roles irá registrando automáticamente las elecciones de cada héroe en el emparejamiento clasificatorio con roles y mostrará a los héroes en los roles en los que son más elegidos. Estos datos se actualizan automáticamente para resaltar las últimas tendencias y se pueden filtrar por clasificación de MMR.Varias características del pase de batalla también se han incluido en Dota Plus:También hemos aumentado de 16 a 25 el número de jugadores que pueden aparecer en la lista de jugadores a evitar.Fragmentos para todosQueremos que todos los jugadores disfruten de ganar y usar los fragmentos, así que hemos cambiado la divisa para que esté a disposición de todos los jugadores, en lugar de que sea una exclusiva de Dota Plus.Aunque la manera más efectiva de obtener fragmentos sea tener Dota Plus, hemos habilitado el siguiente subconjunto de características para que estén a disposición de todos los jugadores:Actualizaciones de clanHemos reintroducido los clanes durante el pase de batalla, y nos ha complacido ver cuántos jugadores participaron en los clanes y compartieron sus experiencias con nosotros. Mantendremos los clanes existentes, pero muchas de las recompensas recibidas solo funcionaron en el contexto del pase de batalla. Hemos rediseñado esas características para que puedas disfrutar jugando con tu clan todo el tiempo.Los clanes ya no tendrán un nivel de clan; en lugar de ello ahora se cuenta con un marcador semanal de puntos de clan en cada región determinada. Una vez por semana, los miembros de los clanes recibirán su nueva clasificación de clan y podrán reclamar una recompensa de fragmentos; los miembros de Dota Plus obtienen el doble de la cantidad de fragmentos. Una posición en el marcador semanal de clanes también determina el acceso a ventajas especiales que podrían cambiar con el tiempo. El conjunto actual de ventajas es:Al final de la semana, todos los puntos del clan existentes se reducirán en un porcentaje. Esto es para que los nuevos clanes tengan la oportunidad de nivelarse con los clanes existentes; sin embargo ¡ellos naturalmente tendrán que trabajar mucho para alcanzar a los líderes! Queremos que esta característica recompense a los clanes activos y comprometidos en trabajar juntos semana a semana para obtener puntos; tomando esto en consideración, vamos a controlar y ajustar el declive semanal para lograr ese objetivo. Los contratos de clanes ahora reciben tanto puntos de clanes como fragmentos. Todos los jugadores tienen acceso a un espacio de contrato al día, y los miembros de Dota Plus tienen acceso a un segundo espacio. Los desafíos de clanes aún se completan en grupos de 3 o más miembros del clan, y obtienen puntos de clan por su posición en el marcador. Al jugar una partida cuando estás en un clan, obtienes puntos de clan, con bonificaciones por estar en grupos con tus compañeros de clan.Todos los jugadores pueden participar en un clan, pero solo los miembros de Dota Plus pueden crearlos.Temporada competitivaEn el pasado, hemos visto varios aspectos negativos que forzaban a todos a reiniciar su MMR al mismo tiempo. Esto ha contribuido a nuestra renuencia de continuar reiniciando cada 6 meses. Pero después de haber expresado esta preocupación, hemos recibido bastantes opiniones acerca del valor que tiene su funcionalidad junto con varias sugerencias de cómo lidiar con el tema.Por esta razón, vamos a probar una manera distinta de lidiar con los reinicios de MMR. De ahora en adelante, el reinicio de MMR es opcional. Para aquellos que lo quieran realizar, se hará repartido en el tiempo para que no cree demasiada inestabilidad (además de la que ya existe durante la calibración). Esperemos que esto elimine la mayoría de las desventajas que causaba el reinicio de MMR y que la gente que esté realmente interesada en hacerlo tenga un entorno un poco más estable.Después de ingresar, puedes ir a tus Preferencias y dentro de la pestaña de Cuenta encontrarás una nueva sección de calibración de MMR. Para prevenir que todo el mundo recalibre al mismo tiempo, las fechas de inicio tendrán intervalos entre el 22 de octubre y el 22 de noviembre de 2020, y se podrá activar en cualquier momento hasta que termine la temporada. No dudes en usar ese botón en el momento en que esté disponible para ti, o si prefieres un pequeño calentamiento competitivo antes de activarlo.ComunicaciónLa comunidad ha querido hablar con nosotros un poco más respecto a las cosas en las que estamos trabajando. Hay una variedad de razones por las que no atendemos esos detalles hasta que algo esté listo para ser lanzado, o que una idea no se desarrolle en algo que valga la pena, etc. A veces ni siquiera nosotros estamos seguros de las fechas, no queremos crear falsas expectativas sobre la calidad de una actualización o decepcionar si nuestras estimaciones eran incorrectas.Dicho esto, reconocemos que a veces necesitamos balancear esa visión con la información que la comunidad desea que le demos. Así que a continuación compartiremos más información sobre algunos temas.Primero, en lo que se refiere a los nuevos héroes. Sabemos que la comunidad espera nuevos héroes todos los años en otoño (usualmente los lanzados en algún momento en noviembre). Actualmente tenemos como meta finales de noviembre para el lanzamiento de un nuevo héroe, seguido de otros que aparecerán durante el próximo año, con el primero de ellos en el primer trimestre. Recientemente hemos estado pensando en probar un enfoque de desarrollo general para repartir las actualizaciones durante el año, en lugar de solamente tener la mayor parte del contenido y actualizaciones en torno a The International. Esperamos que la distribución de actualizaciones sea más atractiva que los enfoques anteriores para los usuarios.Otra área en la que hemos estado trabajando es en el comportamiento y toxicidad de los jugadores. Parte de ello han sido ajustes que hemos hecho en la versión actual sin notas de parche, aunque algunas partes todavía están en desarrollo. Hemos logrado mejoras en nuestros sistemas de detección de cuentas de expertos y, como resultado, hemos comenzado a evitar el ingreso de cuentas nuevas entre el grupo de jugadores con un nivel normal y nuevos. Ahora las cuentas de expertos tienen más probabilidades de jugar solo con otros expertos, incluyendo grupos en los que solo un jugador es experto. También es más probable que estos hereden puntos por comportamiento negativo de sus cuentas alternativas, para limitar su impacto negativo cuando jueguen. También hemos hecho unas cuantas mejoras más en hacer que las cuentas nuevas pasen a sus MMR correctos con mayor rapidez, aunque aún hay mucho que hacer al respecto. Tenemos un par de enfoques por resolver en los que estamos trabajando, pero en estos momentos están en la etapa experimental y de investigación.También hemos fortalecido nuestro bloqueo de cuentas de bonificación, en la medida en que en los últimos meses hemos mejorado los sistemas de detección y obtenido mayor confianza en la habilidad de bloquearlas. En los últimos 30 días hemos bloqueado más de 14 000 cuentas, y hemos establecido sistemas para bloquear continuamente e impulsar nuestro progreso. Sin embargo, esta es un área que necesita de constante trabajo y mejoras para que no se estanque, y en parte se beneficiará de métodos de detección más avanzados que también están en etapas tempranas de investigación y experimentación.En términos de toxicidad y comportamientos que echen a perder el juego por parte de los jugadores, estamos trabajando en un nuevo sistema estilo Overwatch, similar en muchas maneras al de CS:GO. No estamos listos para ofrecer más información sobre este asunto, pero lo haremos tan pronto como podamos. Esperamos tener esto disponible en el juego lo antes posible.Finalmente, hemos trabajado en el desarrollo del motor que ha resultado en mejoras moderadas en el rendimiento de las CPU de núcleo múltiple y las aplicaremos a Dota. Todavía hay unas pocas pruebas por hacer, ya que puede dar algunos fallos, pero apuntamos hacia la próxima semana. Como es de esperar, dados los cambios de código necesarios, el lanzamiento podría ser un poco espeluznante.Hoy marca la conclusión de la temporada del pase de batalla de The International 10. Gracias a todos los que participaron y, aunque este año no terminó con un equipo levantando el Aegis, todos en Valve esperamos que cada uno de vosotros —incluidas las familias— se mantenga saludable, y también esperamos poder reunirnos todos para TI 10.Con la clausura de la temporada, nos complace anunciar los resultados de la votación arcana de 2020. Este año la comunidad emitió millones de votos por dos de los héroes más púrpura en la lista de Dota 2, Faceless Void y Spectre, y con una decisión de 27 475 258 votos contra 24 948 538, el ganador de la arcana de este año es: Spectre. El equipo emprenderá el diseño de un Mercurial digno de la arcana, el Spectre, transformando su oscura energía en formas nunca antes imaginadas. ¿Cómo perseguirá a su presa? ¿De qué manera podrá su refracción debilitar a sus enemigos? ¿De qué color resplandecerá cuando apunte a sus enemigos con su Daga Espectral? Sí, obviamente púrpura, ¿pero en qué TONO de púrpura? Los amantes de la lavanda, los fanáticos del morado y los votantes del violeta van a tener que esperar pacientemente. Solo con el tiempo, se dará respuesta a todas (o tal vez solo algunas) de estas preguntas.Además, la próxima semana lanzaremos algunas nuevas actualizaciones para Dota Plus. Entre ellas habrá actualizaciones a los clanes, una nueva Temporada de Dota Plus y un nuevo mecanismo para reiniciar el MMR. El Tesoro Inmortal III ya está disponible e incluye nuevos objetos para Pugna, Clockwerk, Oracle, Treant, Gyrocopter y Lich.Además de estos objetos, cada tesoro que abres aumenta las posibilidades de recibir una recompensa rara con 50 niveles de pase de batalla, una versión dorada muy rara del objeto de Pugna o alas de Phoenix ultrarraras. Como siempre, hay una posibilidad cósmicamente rara de que descubras un Emblema Divino.El pase de batalla se extenderá 3 semanas más, hasta el 9 de octubre, fecha en la que se revelarán los resultados de la votación arcana (pista: es púrpura y puede atravesar distancias con facilidad). Durante estos últimos días, los poseedores del pase de batalla pueden comprar hasta dos paquetes de 60 niveles cada uno con un 30 % de descuento.Dirígete a la página del pase de batalla para obtener una vista previa de los nuevos objetos y efectos personalizados incluidos en este tesoro.Ni la misma Lyralei entendía lo profundo de su conexión con el viento guardián. Sin saber nada de sus antepasados ni tener recuerdos de sus primeros días de vida, ella buscaba la verdad en el susurro de los árboles soleados que la rodeaban o en las tempestades que oscurecían el día. Pero a medida que crecía, y su conexión con el viento guardián se hacía más fuerte, la inquietud sobre sus orígenes comenzaba a afianzarse. Desata el poder del viento con el nuevo pack arcano Brújula del Vendaval en Ascenso, ya disponible en el pase de batalla de The International 10.Este paquete arcano incluye un nuevo modelo y objetos básicos, nuevas animaciones, barra canalizadora y un contador de daño para Fuego Concentrado personalizados, efectos ambientales de vientos para ambos estilos, adiciones a los efectos básicos e inmortales para sus habilidades, nuevos efectos de muerte para Windranger y los héroes enemigos que elimine y más de 500 diálogos exclusivos arcanos. Acumula daño en los objetivos que elimines usando Fuego Concentrado para desbloquear el estilo alternativo Reflejos del Vendaval.Obtén más información en la página de la actualización Brújula del Vendaval en Ascenso.Últimamente hemos escuchado un montón de quejas sobre el estado del circuito profesional de Dota, y estamos de acuerdo en que deberíamos hacer más. Nos gustaría usar este blog para hablaros sobre lo que ha estado pasando, cuáles han sido nuestras reflexiones y lo que vamos a hacer a partir de ahora.Una vez que comprendimos el alcance de la pandemia del Covid-19, anunciamos nuestros planes de retrasar The International y empezamos a reservar recintos para varios días y países alternativos de todo el mundo. Luego empezamos a investigar cómo llevar a cabo The International dependiendo de la evolución de la pandemia en distintos escenarios, con la esperanza de poder celebrarlo lo antes posible. Como los eventos del circuito profesional de Dota ya no iban a poder realizarse, empezamos a contactar a los organizadores para ver qué iban a querer hacer más adelante. Algunos de esos organizadores expresaron su deseo de realizar eventos organizados por terceros para tener cubierto desde marzo hasta el final del verano.Según nos hemos ido acercado a la mitad del verano, la inestabilidad de la pandemia ha ido creciendo significativamente por lo que nos encontramos muy preocupados con el impacto que podría tener en próximos eventos del circuito profesional de Dota y en The International. La situación global significaba que los eventos interregionales no iban a poder realizarse a corto plazo y, desde entonces, se han visto casos a nivel mundial, en otras competiciones, donde equipos de ciertos países han tenido que ser excluidos después de clasificarse debido a repentinas restricciones y complicaciones para viajar. Aunque ya habíamos asumido que tener una multitud para los eventos del circuito profesional de Dota no era posible, queríamos al menos estar seguros de poder reunir a todos los equipos para la competición interregional. Nos pareció que era un aspecto importante de cómo íbamos a asignar los puntos del circuito profesional de Dota en The International. Tampoco estábamos seguros de cuándo se realizaría The International. Preparar un evento así requiere tiempo y la creciente propagación del virus hicieron más complicado establecer un marco de tiempo fiable. La posibilidad de que la temporada del circuito profesional de Dota se alejara del camino hacia The International fue negativa para nosotros. Hacer eso también implicaría introducir un sistema de caducidad de puntos del circuito profesional de Dota que, en sí mismo, no es algo malo, pero tener que introducirlo súbitamente a mitad de temporada si la situación cambiara sí tendría algunas desventajas. Además, también habíamos recibido algunos comentarios de un par de organizadores a los que les preocupaba que la calidad de las retransmisiones fuera más baja o eran reacios a organizar eventos del circuito profesional de Dota durante el otoño. Aunque ni la competición interregional ni la distancia relativa a The International son requisitos absolutos, consideramos que el circuito profesional de Dota forma parte de The International y es un producto coherente para los fans, y que sería mejor pausarlos por el momento. Dicho esto, nuestro plan era dejar los próximos meses libres y disponibles para que se realizaran otras ligas y eventos. Siempre hemos querido que los torneos realizados por terceros pudieran realizarse fuera de The International (aunque esto ha fluido a lo largo de los años, ya que han aumentado las demandas de fans y jugadores de tener canales más estructurados que conduzcan al TI). Teníamos la esperanza de poder establecer una mejor y más coherente relación entre el circuito profesional de Dota y The International mientras permitíamos que los eventos de terceros tuvieran un impacto. Se buscaba que los fans aún pudieran disfrutar de contenido durante el otoño.Poco después de que anunciamos que no íbamos a proceder de inmediato con el circuito profesional de Dota como estaba planeado, recibimos muchos comentarios negativos de los fans. Creemos que muchos de los puntos que se plantearon fueron críticas razonables hacia nosotros, especialmente porque no les comunicamos cuáles eran nuestras intenciones y qué podían esperar en el futuro.Para esta próxima temporada competitiva, habrá al menos cuatro eventos y ligas de terceros en eventos de la UE/CEI, tres en China y algunos otros que todavía están en las etapas de planificación preliminar y no pueden comprometerse en este momento. Sin embargo, todavía habrá muchos equipos, presentadores, organizadores y fans en todo el mundo que no serán atendidos de manera significativa según la trayectoria actual y esa es culpa nuestra por no avanzar y apoyarlos lo suficiente.Con eso en mente, comenzamos a contactar a muchos más organizadores de torneos para ofrecer ayuda y apoyo financiero con el fin de poder crear una mayor cobertura a nivel mundial durante el resto del año. Esperamos que estos eventos se anuncien gradualmente durante la temporada restante tan pronto como estén listos para comunicarse con los fans y los equipos.Otro comentario que recibimos tanto de los jugadores como de los fans fue que querían más claridad sobre lo que pensábamos eran las fechas probables para que el circuito profesional de Dota y el The International se reanudaran. Nuestra previsión en este momento es anticipar que el inicio del circuito profesional de Dota será en el primer o segundo mes de 2021. Nuestra esperanza es que para cuando concluya la primera liga del circuito profesional de Dota, las limitaciones de viaje serán más predecibles y las restricciones repentinas serán menos probables, lo que permitirá que los Majors se puedan realizar entre regiones. También estamos operando bajo el supuesto de que el resultado más probable es que The International tenga lugar en Estocolmo en agosto de 2021. Si bien tenemos otros países en la recámara, reconocemos que los fans se molestarían si lo moviéramos a otra ubicación si el ahorro de tiempo no fuera lo suficientemente significativo.También escuchamos tus comentarios e inquietudes sobre los derechos de retransmisión de Dota TV. Este ha sido un tema que hemos discutido abiertamente en el pasado y, a medida que recopilamos más información, nuestras opiniones han evolucionado un poco. Básicamente, todavía creemos que los emisores de la comunidad que brindan sus propios comentarios sobre un torneo son un valor neto positivo para los fans y la escena competitiva. También creemos que, a largo plazo, el propio torneo se beneficia de una visibilidad adicional a los fans de esos emisores de la comunidad. Sin embargo, es cierto que esto puede causar una pérdida de ingresos a corto plazo, así como una capacidad reducida de monetizar de manera más efectiva para los organizadores de los torneos. A partir del 15 de septiembre, la licencia de Dota se actualizará para reflejar lo siguiente: Los organizadores que realicen torneos de Dota 2 deberán proporcionar a los emisores de la comunidad un conjunto razonable de requisitos no monetarios y simples de ejecutar, tales como mostrar a los patrocinadores de los organizadores en sus retransmisiones o tener un ligero retraso en las partidas. Los emisores de la comunidad podrán usar la retransmisión de DotaTV en su retransmisión siempre y cuando estén de acuerdo con esos requisitos. Creemos que esto brindará más certeza y confianza a los emisores de la comunidad para poder retransmitir sin mucho lío, mientras que al mismo tiempo protegerá algunos intereses claves que tienen los organizadores del torneo. Para evitar posibles problemas de última hora, le recomendamos a los presentadores que deseen retransmitir un torneo el coordinarse con el organizador de forma anticipada, para así asegurarse de que pueden cumplir con los requisitos presentados. Los organizadores de torneos y las partes interesadas que tengan preguntas, pueden comunicarse con nosotros a través de [email protected]Desde lo más profundo de la caja de juguetes, un juguete aterrador se une a la refriega. Ya disponible para aquellos que alcancen el nivel 255 del pase de batalla, el nuevo personaje «El Carnicero de Peluche» para Pudge presenta un modelo completamente nuevo, nuevas animaciones y nuevas líneas de voz.Temido entre los habitantes rellenos de felpa de la caja de juguetes, El Carnicero de Peluche acecha las esquinas y sombras de la caja, siempre en busca de su próxima víctima. Todos los juguetes saben que si el carnicero te atrapa con su gancho, perderás tu relleno y tu vida. Quedarás esparcido por las sendas mientras el monstruo de felpa se aleja felizmente de tus restos rasgados.Obtén el nuevo personaje en tu pase de batalla y no olvides conseguir el pack de locutores de The International disponible para los dueños del pase de batalla que logren llegar al nivel 75 para poder anunciar tu victoria.La stagione autunnale è alle porte e siamo felici di annunciare gli aggiornamenti di Dota Plus e delle gilde. La stagione inizia oggi e durerà fino all’inizio di dicembre 2020.Tesoro Autunnale 2020I membri di Dota Plus ora possono acquistare un nuovo tesoro usando i frammenti. Questo tesoro include 12 set creati dalla Comunità per Nyx Assassin, Leshrac, Medusa, Vengeful Spirit, Weaver, Clockwerk, Faceless Void, Doom, Sven, Axe, Crystal Maiden e Tusk. Inoltre, include la reintroduzione delle gemme eteree e prismatiche: il corriere molto raro Pulcino Ardente sarà già equipaggiato con una gemma casuale di ciascuno dei due tipi. Il nostro piano al momento è di presentare ogni 3 mesi un nuovo tesoro stagionale acquistabile con i frammenti. Il prossimo tesoro sarà disponibile il primo dicembre e poi ogni 3 mesi a partire da quella data. Ciò si allineerà alle missioni e ai terreni stagionali. Aggiornamenti di Dota PlusIn aggiunta ai modi esistenti di guadagnare frammenti, i membri di Dota Pus possono guadagnarne fino a 57.850 da una nuova stagione di missioni per l’autunno 2020. Questi frammenti extra vi daranno i fondi necessari per approfittare del tesoro stagionale. I membri di Dota Plus ora possono usare il nuovo Assistente dei ruoli per schierare gli Eroi sulla griglia. Mentre la Comunità di Dota trova nuovi modi per utilizzare gli Eroi, il nuovo Assistente dei ruoli registra automaticamente le scelte relative a tutti gli Eroi nella ricerca delle partite classificate e mostra gli Eroi nei ruoli in cui vengono selezionati più spesso. Questi dati vengono aggiornati automaticamente in modo da evidenziare i trend più recenti e si possono filtrare per livello di abilità (MMR).Molte delle funzionalità del Pass Battaglia, inoltre, ora fanno parte di Dota Plus:Inoltre, abbiamo aumentato da 16 a 25 il numero di giocatori che è possibile inserire nella lista dei giocatori da evitare.Frammenti per tuttiVogliamo che tutti i giocatori si divertano guadagnando e spendendo frammenti, quindi abbiamo modificato questa valuta in modo che sia disponibile per tutti i giocatori e non solo per quelli di Dota Plus.Anche se il modo più efficiente per guadagnare frammenti è avere Dota Plus, abbiamo abilitato il seguente sottogruppo di funzionalità per tutti i giocatori:Aggiornamenti delle gildeAbbiamo reintrodotto le gilde durante il Pass Battaglia e siamo stati felici di vedere quanti giocatori abbiano partecipato alle gilde e ci abbiano inviato i loro commenti. Stiamo mantenendo le gilde esistenti, ma molte delle ricompense ottenute funzionavano solamente nel contesto del Pass Battaglia. Abbiamo riprogettato quelle funzionalità in modo che ci si possa divertire giocando con la propria gilda in qualunque momento.Le gilde non hanno più un Livello gilda, che è stato sostituito da una classifica settimanale dei punti gilda guadagnati in una data regione. Una volta a settimana, i membri delle gilde riceveranno il loro nuovo grado della gilda e potranno ricevere una ricompensa in frammenti. I membri di Dota Plus otterranno una quantità doppia di frammenti. La posizione nella classifica settimanale della gilda determina anche l’accesso a ricompense speciali che potrebbero cambiare nel corso del tempo. Il set di ricompense corrente è:Alla fine della settimana, tutti i punti gilda esistenti decadranno di una percentuale. In questo modo, le nuove gilde potranno recuperare terreno su quelle esistenti, anche se ovviamente dovranno lavorare sodo per raggiungere le migliori! Vogliamo che questa funzionalità ricompensi le gilde attive e impegnate che lavorano insieme ogni settimana per guadagnare punti. Per raggiungere questo scopo, terremo d’occhio e regoleremo il decadimento in percentuale settimanale. I contratti delle gilde ora fanno guadagnare sia punti gilda che frammenti. Tutti i giocatori hanno accesso a uno slot per contratti al giorno, i membri di Dota Plus ne hanno a disposizione due. Le sfide delle gilde sono ancora completate in gruppi di 3 o più membri della gilda e fanno guadagnare punti gilda validi per la classifica. Giocare a una partita insieme a una gilda fa guadagnare punti gilda, con bonus per chi è in gruppo con i propri compagni di gilda.Tutti i giocatori possono unirsi a una gilda, ma solo i membri di Dota Plus possono crearne una.Stagione classificataIn passato abbiamo notato diversi aspetti negativi nel costringere tutti a resettare il proprio livello di abilità allo stesso momento. Questo è in parte il motivo per cui siamo riluttanti a continuare a resettare il livello ogni 6 mesi. Tuttavia, dopo aver parlato recentemente di questa riluttanza, abbiamo ricevuto molti commenti su quanto sia importante questa funzionalità per i giocatori, insieme a vari suggerimenti su come affrontare la questione.Per questa stagione, tenteremo un nuovo approccio con il reset del livello di abilità. Il reset diventerà opzionale e, per coloro che vorranno partecipare, sarà più spalmato nel tempo, in modo da non creare troppa instabilità allo stesso momento (che si aggiunge a quella che si verifica quando si inizia la calibrazione). Speriamo che questo approccio rimuoverà la maggior parte degli svantaggi del reset del livello di abilità e che regalerà agli utenti che vogliono partecipare un’esperienza più stabile.La nuova sezione per la ricalibrazione del livello di abilità si trova nelle impostazioni, sotto la scheda Account, dopo aver effettuato l’accesso. Per evitare che tutti effettuino la ricalibrazione allo stesso momento, la consentiremo in più momenti dal 22 ottobre al 22 novembre 2020 e poi in qualunque momento dopo la fine della stagione. Premete il pulsante nel momento stesso in cui si attiverà, non premetelo affatto oppure fate un po’ di pratica in vista delle partite competitive prima di premerlo.ComunicazioneLa Comunità ci ha chiesto di parlare di più delle cose su cui stiamo lavorando. Ci sono diversi motivi per i quali tendiamo a non parlarne prima di essere pronti a rilasciare qualcosa: piani che cambiano, idee che non si concretizzano, ecc. A volte abbiamo le idee poco chiare sulle date e non vogliamo alimentare speranze sugli obiettivi di un aggiornamento oppure deludere gli utenti se le stime si rivelano sbagliate.Detto ciò, ci rendiamo conto che a volte dobbiamo bilanciare questo approccio con il desiderio da parte della Comunità di ricevere maggiori informazioni. Ecco dunque delle informazioni aggiuntive su alcuni argomenti.Innanzitutto, i nuovi Eroi. Sappiamo che la Comunità di solito si aspetta nuovi Eroi nell’autunno di ogni anno (di solito verso novembre). Al momento, la nostra idea è di rilasciare dei nuovi Eroi alla fine di novembre e altri nel corso del prossimo anno, con il primo rilascio che dovrebbe avvenire entro i primi tre mesi del 2021. Di recente abbiamo pensato di provare un approccio di sviluppo generale consistente nello spalmare gli aggiornamenti nel corso dell’anno, invece che concentrare nuovi contenuti e aggiornamenti nel periodo del The International. Speriamo che l’introduzione più costante di nuovi contenuti sia più coinvolgente per i giocatori rispetto agli approcci precedenti.Un’altra area su cui abbiamo lavorato ultimamente è il comportamento e la tossicità dei giocatori. Alcuni elementi sono stati discussi pubblicamente di recente al di fuori delle note delle patch, mentre altri sono ancora in fase di sviluppo. Abbiamo effettuato dei miglioramenti ai nostri sistemi di rilevazione degli smurf (utenti veterani che creano nuovi account) e, di conseguenza, abbiamo iniziato a separare i nuovi account che fanno il loro ingresso nel pool dei nuovi giocatori. Ora è molto più probabile che gli account smurf vengano associati solo ad altri account dello stesso tipo. Questo include gruppi in cui un solo giocatore è uno smurf. È anche probabile che questi account ereditino i punteggi dovuti a un comportamento negativo del loro account alternativo, in modo da limitare il loro impatto negativo quando giocano. Abbiamo anche effettuato alcuni miglioramenti volti a inserire più rapidamente i nuovi account nel livello di abilità corretto. Tuttavia, c’è dell’altro lavoro da fare su questo aspetto. Ci sono un paio di approcci su cui stiamo lavorando, ma al momento sono ancora in uno stato di ricerca/sperimentale.Abbiamo anche iniziato ad aumentare i ban degli account booster (account che manipolano il livello di abilità di altri giocatori) grazie al miglioramento negli ultimi mesi dei relativi sistemi di rilevazione e alla maggiore sicurezza nella nostra abilità di bandire i giocatori coinvolti. Negli ultimi 30 giorni abbiamo bandito oltre 14.000 account e abbiamo impostato dei sistemi per continuare a bandire i giocatori colpevoli di boosting. Questa è un’area che ha bisogno di lavoro e miglioramenti costanti per continuare a fare progressi, alcuni dei quali saranno aiutati da metodi di rilevazione più avanzati che sono anch’essi ancora in uno stato di ricerca/sperimentale.In termini di tossicità e comportamenti che rovinano il gioco, stiamo lavorando su un nuovo sistema in stile Sorveglianza, in un certo senso simile a quello di CS:GO. Non siamo ancora pronti a condividere maggiori informazioni su questo sistema, ma lo faremo non appena possibile. Speriamo di introdurlo nel gioco il prima possibile.Infine, abbiamo lavorato allo sviluppo del motore di gioco, ottenendo miglioramenti moderati delle prestazioni su CPU multi-core che verranno applicati a Dota. Dovremo svolgere ancora alcuni test, poiché potrebbero provocare dei bug, ma prevediamo di terminare all’incirca la settimana prossima. Come potete immaginarvi, viste le modifiche al codice necessarie, il rilascio potrebbe essere un po’ instabile.Oggi segna la fine della stagione del Pass Battaglia del The International 10. Grazie a tutti coloro che hanno partecipato e, benché quest’anno non sia culminato con l’Egida issata da una squadra, tutti noi di Valve speriamo che voi e le vostre famiglie restiate in salute e siamo impazienti di radunare tutti quanti per il TI11.Con la chiusura della stagione, abbiamo il piacere di annunciare i risultati del voto Arcano del 2020. Quest’anno la Comunità ha espresso milioni di voti per due degli eroi più viola del gruppo di Dota 2, Faceless Void e Spectre. Con un distacco di 27.475.258 di voti rispetto a 24.948.538, il vincitore Arcano di quest’anno è Spectre. Il team inizierà a progettare un Arcano adatto a Mercurial, lo Spettro, canalizzando la sua energia oscura in forme finora inimmaginabili. Come tormenterà la sua preda? In che modo la sua rifrazione potrà intaccare i suoi nemici? Quando prende la mira con il suo Pugnale spettrale, di quale colore letale brillerà? Sì, viola, ovviamente, ma quale SFUMATURA di viola? Tenetevi forte, amanti del colore lavanda, del color prugna e del color lillà. Col tempo tutte queste domande (o forse solo alcune) riceveranno una risposta.Inoltre, settimana prossima rilasceremo alcuni nuovi aggiornamenti a Dota Plus, tra cui aggiornamenti alle gilde, una nuova stagione di Dota Plus e un nuovo meccanismo di azzeramento del livello di abilità. Il Tesoro Immortale III è ora disponibile e include oggetti nuovi di zecca per Pugna, Clockwerk, Oracle, Treant, Gyrocopter e Lich.Oltre a questi oggetti, ciascuno di questi tesori che apri offre probabilità aumentate di ricevere una ricompensa rara di 50 livelli del Pass Battaglia, una versione molto rara di un oggetto per Pugna o le ultra rare Ali di Phoenix. Come sempre, c’è anche una probabilità universalmente rara di scoprire un Emblema Divino.Il Pass Battaglia verrà esteso per altre 3 settimane, fino al 9 ottobre, quando verranno svelati i risultati del voto Arcano (indizio: un carry viola corpo a corpo che può percorrere grandi distanze con facilità). Durante questi ultimi giorni, ogni possessore del Pass Battaglia può acquistare fino a due pacchetti di 60 livelli al 30% di sconto.Vai sulla pagina del Pass Battaglia per un’anteprima dei nuovi oggetti e degli effetti personalizzati contenuti nel tesoro.Nemmeno Lyralei stessa comprendeva quanto profondo fosse il suo legame con il vento guardiano. Non conoscendo i suoi antenati e non avendo memoria della sua infanzia, non poteva fare altro che cercare la verità nei sussurri degli alberi baciati dal sole o nelle tempeste ululanti impenetrabili persino dalla luce del giorno. Col tempo, però, mentre la sua strana connessione con il vento guardiano continuava a crescere, una certa irrequietudine in merito alle sue origini iniziò a impossessarsi di lei. Sprigiona il potere del vento con il nuovissimo pacchetto Arcano Guida della Burrasca Crescente, disponibile ora nel Pass Battaglia del The International 10.Questo pacchetto Arcano include un nuovo modello, nuovi oggetti di base, nuove animazioni, una barra di canalizzazione e di conteggio dei danni personalizzata per Tiro focalizzato, effetti ambientali “ventosi” per entrambi gli stili, aggiunte agli effetti di base e Immortali per le abilità di Windranger, nuovi effetti di morte per lei e per gli eroi nemici che uccide e oltre 500 nuove frasi esclusive per il pacchetto. Infliggi colpo dopo colpo ai bersagli che uccidi usando Tiro focalizzato per sbloccare lo stile alternativo Riflessi della Burrasca.Ulteriori dettagli disponibili nella pagina dell’aggiornamento Guida della Burrasca Crescente.Di recente abbiamo ricevuto un sacco di lamentele sullo stato del DPC e siamo d’accordo sul fatto che dovremmo fare di più. In questo post vorremmo parlarvi di cosa è successo in passato, di quali sono stati i nostri ragionamenti e di cosa faremo andando avanti.Una volta compresa la portata della pandemia di Covid-19, abbiamo annunciato i nostri piani di rimandare il The International e abbiamo iniziato a prenotare arene in varie date e in Paesi alternativi in tutto il mondo. Poi abbiamo iniziato a pianificare modi per organizzare il The International in base a diversi scenari riguardanti la pandemia, sperando di poterlo tenere il più presto possibile. Poiché gli eventi primaverili del DPC non potevano più avere luogo, abbiamo iniziato a contattare gli organizzatori per capire che programmi avessero per il futuro. Alcuni degli organizzatori hanno manifestato interesse nel pianificare eventi di terze parti per coprire il periodo tra marzo e la fine dell’estate.Con l’avvicinarsi al pieno dell’estate, l’imprevedibilità della pandemia è cresciuta parecchio e abbiamo iniziato a preoccuparci seriamente dell’impatto che avrebbe avuto sui futuri eventi del DPC e sul The International. La situazione globale stava rendendo improbabile il verificarsi di partite tra squadre di Paesi diversi e ci sono stati casi in altre competizioni globali in cui squadre di alcuni Paesi sono state escluse anche dopo essersi qualificate, per via di improvvise complicazioni e restrizioni relative agli spostamenti. Stavamo già dando per scontata l’assenza di pubblico agli eventi del DPC, ma speravamo almeno di poter radunare tutti i team provenienti da diversi Paesi, poiché si tratta di una componente importante di come allochiamo i punti del DPC per il The International. Non eravamo nemmeno sicuri di quando si sarebbe potuto tenere il The International e, visto che l’organizzazione di un evento del genere richiede molto tempo, la diffusione crescente del virus ha reso ancora più difficile una programmazione affidabile. La prospettiva di avere un DPC troppo slegato dal percorso di preparazione al The International non ci allettava. Continuare su quella strada avrebbe anche comportato l’introduzione di un sistema di decadimento dei punti del DPC. In sé, non è una cosa negativa, ma doverlo introdurre nel bel mezzo della stagione in caso di cambiamenti di programma avrebbe comportato dei lati negativi. Inoltre, abbiamo ricevuto dei commenti da un paio di organizzatori preoccupati da una possibile qualità inferiore delle trasmissioni o esitanti alla prospettiva di ospitare eventi del DPC durante l’autunno. Anche se le partite fra squadre di diversi Paesi e la distanza relativa dal The International non sono dei requisiti assoluti, abbiamo sempre considerato il DPC come una funzione del The International e come un prodotto coerente per i fan, pertanto pensavamo che sarebbe stato meglio rimandare temporaneamente entrambi. Per questo motivo, la nostra idea era di rendere i prossimi mesi aperti e disponibili per lo svolgimento di altri eventi e altre leghe. Il nostro approccio è sempre stato guidato dal desiderio di dare la possibilità a eventi di terze parti di esistere al di fuori del The International, anche se tale approccio è stato soggetto a variazioni nel corso degli anni per via di un maggiore desiderio da parte di fan e giocatori di avere un circuito più strutturato in preparazione al The International. La nostra speranza con questo approccio era di stabilire una relazione migliore e più coerente tra il DPC e il The International e al tempo stesso consentire agli eventi di terze parti di avere ancora un impatto. Il risultato finale per i fan sarebbe stata la possibilità di assistere a eventi entusiasmanti durante l’autunno.Poco dopo aver annunciato che non avremmo proceduto con il DPC secondo il programma, abbiamo ricevuto molti commenti negativi da parte dei fan. Crediamo che molte delle critiche che ci sono state rivolte siano ragionevoli, specialmente perché non abbiamo comunicato le nostre intenzioni e cosa aspettarsi in futuro.Per la stagione competitiva in arrivo si terranno almeno quattro eventi di terze parti nell’Unione Europea e nella Comunità degli Stati Indipendenti, tre in Cina e alcuni altri che sono nella fase di programmazione preliminare e che non possiamo ancora garantire. Ci saranno comunque molte squadre, commentatori, organizzatori e fan in tutto il mondo che non riceveranno un trattamento adeguato in base ai programmi correnti e la colpa è nostra per non aver puntato maggiormente su di loro e per non averli supportati abbastanza.Con questo spirito, abbiamo iniziato a contattare molti più organizzatori di tornei per offrire loro aiuto e supporto finanziario, in modo da aumentare la copertura globale durante il resto dell’anno. Ci aspettiamo che questi eventi vengano annunciati gradualmente durante il resto della stagione mano a mano che gli organizzatori saranno pronti a comunicare con i fan e con le squadre.Altri commenti che abbiamo ricevuto da parte di giocatori e fan richiedevano maggiore chiarezza in merito alle probabili nuove date del DPC e del The International. Al momento, pensiamo che il DPC possa avere inizio a gennaio o febbraio del 2021. Speriamo che entro la conclusione della prima lega del DPC le limitazioni agli spostamenti siano più facili da prevedere e che le restrizioni volontarie diventino meno probabili, in modo da consentire lo svolgimento di tornei Major tra squadre di diversi Paesi. Per quanto riguarda il The International, crediamo che lo scenario più probabile preveda il suo svolgimento a Stoccolma ad agosto 2021. Stiamo tenendo in considerazione dei Paesi alternativi, ma ci rendiamo conto che i fan sarebbero frustrati da uno spostamento in un altro Paese se i vantaggi in termini di tempistiche non fossero abbastanza significativi.Abbiamo anche ascoltato i vostri commenti e preoccupazioni riguardo ai diritti di trasmissione di DotaTV. Abbiamo già parlato apertamente di questo argomento in passato e, avendo raccolto più dati, i nostri ragionamenti si sono leggermente evoluti. In ultima analisi continuiamo a pensare che gli streamer della Comunità che commentano da sé un torneo rappresentino un valore positivo per i fan e la scena competitiva. Riteniamo anche che, sul lungo termine, i tornei stessi traggano vantaggio da una maggiore esposizione ai fan di quegli streamer della Comunità. Tuttavia, è anche vero che questo potrebbe causare una perdita economica a breve termine, nonché una minore capacità di monetizzazione efficace per gli organizzatori dei tornei. A cominciare dal 15 settembre, la licenza di Dota sarà aggiornata in modo da riflettere quanto segue: gli organizzatori che gestiscono i tornei di Dota 2 dovranno fornire agli streamer della Comunità una serie di requisiti non monetari ragionevoli e semplici da seguire, come mostrare gli sponsor degli organizzatori nelle loro trasmissioni o accettare un breve ritardo nella trasmissione delle partite. Gli streamer della Comunità potranno usare il feed di DotaTV nelle loro trasmissioni, purché accettino questi requisiti. Riteniamo che questo aumenterà la certezza e la fiducia da parte degli streamer della Comunità di poter commentare senza creare del malcontento, proteggendo nel frattempo alcuni interessi chiave degli organizzatori dei tornei. Per evitare possibili problemi dell’ultimo minuto, vorremmo consigliare ai commentatori che vogliono trasmettere un torneo di coordinarsi in anticipo con l’organizzatore per assicurarsi di poter soddisfare i requisiti presentati. Gli organizzatori dei tornei e le parti interessate che hanno domande possono contattarci all’indirizzo [email protected]Dall’angolo più oscuro del negozio di giocattoli, uno spaventoso personaggio si unisce alla mischia. Disponibile per tutti i possessori del Pass Battaglia che raggiungono il livello 255, il nuovo personaggio alternativo di Pudge “Macellaio giocattolo” presenta modello, animazioni e doppiaggio tutti nuovi.Terrore di tutti i peluche del negozio di giocattoli, il Macellaio giocattolo si aggira negli anfratti oscuri tra gli scaffali, alla perenne ricerca della sua prossima preda. Tutti i giocattoli sanno che, una volta che il Macellaio ti afferra con il suo gancio, puoi dire addio al tuo morbido ripieno (e alla tua vita). Pezzi di stoffa, una volta parte del tuo corpo, resteranno disseminati tra le corsie, mentre il mostro si allontana felice dai solitari brandelli dei tuoi resti.Riscatta ora il nuovo personaggio alternativo nel tuo Pass Battaglia. Tutti i possessori del Pass Battaglia a partire dal livello 75 avranno a disposizione anche il pacchetto annunciatori “La voce del The International” per proclamare le loro prossime vittorie.L’automne est là ! Pour fêter cela, voici une moisson de mises à jour pour Dota Plus et les guildes. La nouvelle saison commence aujourd’hui et durera jusqu’au début du mois de décembre 2020.Trésor d’automne 2020Les membres de Dota Plus peuvent maintenant acheter un nouveau trésor avec des fragments. Ce trésor comprend 12 ensembles créés par la communauté pour Nyx Assassin, Leshrac, Medusa, Vengeful Spirit, Weaver, Clockwerk, Faceless Void, Doom, Sven, Axe, Crystal Maiden et Tusk. Il voit également la réintroduction des gemmes éthérées et des gemmes prismatiques. Le coursier très rare Oisillon flamboyant est prééquipé d’une gemme de chaque type choisie au hasard. Nous prévoyons de proposer tous les 3 mois un nouveau trésor saisonnier qui pourra être acheté avec des fragments. Le prochain trésor sera disponible le 1ᵉʳ décembre, le prochain 3 mois plus tard, et ainsi de suite. Les quêtes et les terrains saisonniers seront renouvelés au même rythme. Mises à jour apportées à Dota PlusEn plus des autres moyens qui permettent d’obtenir des fragments, les membres de Dota Plus peuvent gagner jusqu’à 57 850 fragments en accomplissant les nouvelles quêtes de la saison d’automne 2020. Ces fragments supplémentaires vous permettront, entre autres, d’acheter le nouveau trésor saisonnier. Qui plus est, les membres de Dota Plus peuvent maintenant utiliser le nouvel agencement de la grille de sélection « Assistant de rôle ». Tandis que la communauté de Dota trouve de nouvelles façons d’utiliser les héros et héroïnes, le nouvel assistant de rôle suit les tendances de sélection de ces héros et héroïnes en matchmaking classé avec rôles et les catégorise en fonction du rôle qui leur est le plus attribué. Ces données sont mises à jour automatiquement pour que vous puissiez connaitre les dernières tendances, et elles peuvent être filtrées en fonction du MMR.Plusieurs fonctionnalités du passe de bataille ont également été transférées vers Dota Plus :De plus, nous avons augmenté la limite du nombre de personnes qui peuvent être ajoutées à la liste de celles à éviter : elle passe de 16 à 25.Distribution générale de fragmentsNous voulons que tout le monde puisse obtenir et dépenser des fragments. Dès aujourd’hui, n’importe qui pourra en obtenir sans être membre de Dota Plus.Bien que le moyen le plus efficace d’obtenir des fragments soit d’être membre de Dota Plus, les fonctionnalités suivantes sont maintenant disponibles pour tout le monde :Mises à jour apportées aux guildesNous avons réintégré les guildes au jeu pendant le passe de bataille, et nous avons découvert avec plaisir le nombre de personnes qui contribuaient à faire progresser leur guilde, ainsi que les nombreux retours qui nous ont été envoyés. Le système actuel des guildes restera tel quel, mais la plupart des fonctionnalités et des récompenses décernées étaient spécifiques au passe de bataille. Nous les avons modifiées afin que vous puissiez continuer à vous amuser au sein de votre guilde.Les guildes n’ont plus de niveau : à la place, nous avons ajouté un classement hebdomadaire des points de guilde obtenus dans une région donnée. Une fois par semaine, les membres d’une guilde recevront leur nouveau rang de guilde et pourront récupérer des fragments en récompense. Les membres de Dota Plus recevront le double de fragments. En fonction de la place de votre guilde au classement hebdomadaire, vous aurez également accès à des récompenses spéciales qui pourront être modifiées au fil du temps. Voici les récompenses actuelles :À la fin de chaque semaine, tous les points de guilde seront réduits d’un certain pourcentage afin de permettre aux nouvelles guildes de rattraper les plus anciennes. Elles devront toutefois redoubler d’efforts pour tenter d’arriver au même niveau que les meilleures guildes ! Nous voulons que cette fonctionnalité récompense les guildes actives qui coopèrent activement chaque semaine pour gagner des points. Dans cette optique, nous suivrons et modifierons au besoin la réduction de points hebdomadaire. Les contrats de guilde accordent maintenant à la fois des points de guilde et des fragments. Tout le monde peut choisir un contrat par jour, et les membres de Dota Plus peuvent en choisir deux. Les défis de guildes doivent toujours être accomplis par des groupes de 3 personnes ou plus. Ils feront gagner des points de guilde pour le classement. Qui plus est, lorsque vous jouez à une partie en tant que membre de guilde, votre guilde gagne des points. Ceux-ci augmentent si vous jouez en groupe avec des membres de votre guilde.Tout le monde peut rejoindre une guilde, mais il faut être membre de Dota Plus pour en créer une.Saison classéePar le passé, nous avons constaté que forcer l’ensemble des joueurs et joueuses à recalibrer leur MMR en même temps présentait de nombreux inconvénients. C’est en partie pour cette raison que nous n’avions plus envie de le recalibrer tous les 6 mois. Toutefois, après avoir partagé notre ressenti, plusieurs d’entre vous nous ont fait savoir à quel point cette fonctionnalité était importante à leurs yeux et ont émis diverses suggestions.Pour cette saison, nous allons tenter une nouvelle approche pour le recalibrage du MMR. Nous allons rendre le recalibrage de MMR facultatif, et pour les personnes qui voudront le recalibrer, nous étalerons la période de recalibrage afin de ne pas provoquer trop d’instabilité au même moment (en plus de celle qui existe déjà quand on participe à des parties de calibration). Nous espérons que cela réglera la plupart des inconvénients rencontrés lors du recalibrage du MMR, et que cela permettra aux personnes qui veulent vraiment le recalibrer de le faire dans un environnement de jeu un peu plus stable.Pour recalibrer votre MMR, lancez le jeu, accédez aux paramètres et rendez-vous dans l’onglet « Compte » pour découvrir la nouvelle section de recalibrage du MMR. Afin que tout le monde ne recalibre pas son MMR en même temps, les dates de début du recalibrage seront étalées entre le 22 octobre et le 22 novembre 2020. Vous pourrez ensuite commencer votre recalibrage à n’importe quel moment jusqu’à la fin de la saison. Vous pouvez soit commencer le recalibrage dès que le bouton est disponible, soit ne pas recalibrer votre MMR, soit vous échauffer un peu en mode classé avant de commencer.CommunicationLa communauté nous a fait savoir qu’elle voulait que l’on parle un peu plus des choses sur lesquelles nous travaillons. Nous avons tendance à peu communiquer sur quelque chose avant sa sortie pour diverses raisons. Parfois, il y a un changement de programme ou une idée ne parvient pas à aboutir à quelque chose de concret, etc. D’autres fois, nous ne sommes pas en mesure de planifier avec précision la date de sortie d’un projet et nous ne voulons pas susciter de faux espoirs ou des déceptions si une mise à jour ne sort pas au moment prévu.Cela dit, nous admettons que nous devrions parfois équilibrer cette approche pour répondre à l’engouement de la communauté. Nous allons donc vous partager quelques informations sur divers sujets ci-dessous.Le premier concerne les nouveaux personnages. Nous savons que la communauté attend chaque année la sortie de nouveaux héros et héroïnes en automne (généralement aux alentours du mois de novembre). Nous prévoyons de sortir un nouveau personnage à la fin du mois de novembre. D’autres suivront tout au long de l’année prochaine, et le prochain arrivera au cours du premier trimestre de 2021. Ces derniers temps, nous avons réfléchi à adopter une nouvelle approche de développement qui consisterait à étaler les mises à jour tout au long de l’année, plutôt que de proposer la majorité du nouveau contenu en même temps que The International. Avec ces mises à jour plus régulières, nous espérons susciter davantage l’intérêt des joueurs et joueuses.Récemment, nous avons aussi travaillé sur la problématique du comportement toxique de certaines personnes. Certains éléments que nous avons développés ont été ajoutés au jeu sans en faire mention dans les notes de mise à jour, tandis que d’autres sont encore en cours de développement. Nous avons amélioré nos systèmes de détection des smurfs (des joueuses et joueurs expérimentés qui utilisent de nouveaux comptes), et nous avons commencé à empêcher ces comptes de pouvoir rejoindre des groupes débutants ou réguliers. Les comptes smurfs ont maintenant beaucoup plus de chances de ne jouer qu’avec d’autres smurfs. Cela inclut les groupes où un seul des comptes est un smurf. Il y a également de grandes chances que le grade de conduite de leurs autres comptes soit transféré vers ce nouveau compte afin de limiter leur impact négatif en jeu. Nous avons également fait en sorte que les nouveaux comptes atteignent leur rang réel plus vite, mais le travail n’est pas terminé. Nous travaillons actuellement sur plusieurs approches qui pourraient résoudre ce problème, mais elles sont encore en cours d’expérimentation.Nous avons aussi banni un grand nombre de comptes de boosters grâce au travail que nous avons effectué ces derniers mois sur notre système de détection, qui est maintenant suffisamment fiable en la matière. Ces 30 derniers jours, nous avons banni plus de 14 000 comptes et avons développé des systèmes pour bannir continuellement les comptes de boosters à l’avenir. Ce projet nécessite toutefois des améliorations constantes pour ne pas tomber en désuétude. C’est pourquoi des méthodes de détection plus avancées sont également en cours d’expérimentation.En ce qui concerne les comportements toxiques des personnes en jeu, nous développons actuellement un nouveau système Overwatch quelque peu semblable à celui présent dans CS:GO. Nous ne pouvons pas vous en dire plus pour le moment, mais nous vous en dévoilerons tous les détails dès que possible. Nous espérons pouvoir le rendre disponible très prochainement.Pour finir, nous avons fait quelques modifications au niveau du moteur pour améliorer quelque peu les performances sur les machines avec des processeurs multicœurs. Nous allons bientôt étendre ces modifications au niveau de Dota. Il nous reste encore quelques essais à faire afin de résoudre les quelques bugs possibles, mais nous espérons pouvoir les rendre disponibles d’ici la semaine prochaine. Comme vous pouvez vous y attendre, les changements au niveau du code pourront rendre cette mise à jour un tantinet effrayante.Aujourd’hui se termine la saison du passe de bataille de The International 10. Nous tenons à remercier toutes les personnes qui y ont participé. Si cette année ne s’est pas terminée avec une équipe soulevant l’Aegis, toute l’équipe de Valve espère que vous, ainsi que votre famille, demeurez en bonne santé. Nous avons hâte de pouvoir nous réunir pour TI10 !La saison étant close, nous avons le plaisir de vous annoncer les résultats du vote Arcane de 2020. Cette année, les votes récoltés par l’héroïne et le héros les plus violets de Dota 2, Spectre et Faceless Void, se comptent par millions : avec 27 475 258 voix contre 24 948 538, c’est Spectre qui remporte l’Arcane. L’équipe s’attèlera à la conception d’une Arcane adaptée à Mercurial et canalisera son énergie sombre pour lui prêter des traits encore jamais imaginés. Comment tourmentera-t-elle sa proie ? Comment sa réfraction pourra-t-elle affaiblir ses adversaires ? Quelle couleur l’illuminera lorsqu’elle brandira son Spectral Dagger ? Le violet, bien sûr, mais quelle NUANCE de violet ? La patience est de mise pour les fanas de lavande, de prune et de lilas. Avec le temps, toutes ces questions (ou certaines, en tout cas) trouveront réponse.Par ailleurs, de nouvelles mises à jour de Dota Plus seront publiées la semaine prochaine, parmi lesquelles une mise à jour des guildes, une nouvelle saison Dota Plus et un nouveau mécanisme de réinitialisation du MMR. Le trésor immortel III est enfin disponible ! Il comprend de tout nouveaux items pour Pugna, Clockwerk, Oracle, Treant Protector, Gyrocopter et Lich.En plus d’un de ces items, à chaque fois que vous ouvrez un de ces trésors vous augmentez vos chances de recevoir une récompense rare de 50 niveaux du passe de bataille, une version en or très rare de l’item de Pugna ou des ailes ultra rare pour Phoenix. Comme toujours, vous avez aussi une chance rarissime d’obtenir l’emblème de divinité.Le passe de bataille est prolongé de trois semaines supplémentaires, jusqu’au 9 octobre. Les résultats du vote Arcane seront révélés à ce moment-là. (Petit indice : l’héroïne ou le héros qui aura son Arcane est un carry violet, qui attaque au corps à corps et qui peut se déplacer sur une plus ou moins longue distance aisément.) Pour terminer ce passe de bataille en beauté, celles et ceux qui le possèdent peuvent acheter jusqu’à deux bundles de 60 niveaux pour –30 %.Consultez la page du passe de bataille pour découvrir les nouveaux items contenus dans ce trésor ainsi que leurs effets personnalisés.Lyralei elle-même n’avait pas mesuré la véritable importance de son lien avec le vent protecteur. Sans aucun souvenir de son enfance ou de ses aïeuls, il lui avait fallu discerner la vérité à travers les murmures des arbres baignés de soleil qui l’entouraient et les hurlements des tempêtes qui balayaient tout sur leur passage, même la lumière du jour. Mais plus elle grandit, et plus ce lien étrange avec le vent protecteur se renforça. C’est ainsi qu’elle commença à se questionner sérieusement sur ses origines. Célébrez le pouvoir du vent grâce au tout nouveau bundle Arcane « Boussole du cyclone naissant », maintenant disponible dans le passe de bataille de The International 10.Ce bundle Arcane comprend un nouveau modèle, un nouvel attirail de base, de nouvelles animations, une barre de canalisation personnalisée, un compteur de dégâts infligés par Fire Focus, des effets d’ambiance venteux pour les deux styles, des améliorations aux effets des items immortels et de base pour ses capacités, de nouveaux effets de mort pour Windranger et les héroïnes et héros tués par ses flèches, et plus de 500 nouvelles répliques exclusives. Infligez un maximum de dégâts à vos adversaires à l’aide de Focus Fire pour débloquer le style alternatif « Méditation de l’ouragan ».Consultez la page de la mise à jour « Boussole du cycle naissant » pour plus d’informations.Nous avons reçu dernièrement de nombreux commentaires négatifs concernant l’état du circuit professionnel de Dota (DPC) et nous reconnaissons que nous aurions dû faire davantage à ce sujet. Nous retraçons dans ce billet ce qui s’est passé auparavant, ce que nous envisagions et ce que nous allons faire.Quand l’étendue de la pandémie de COVID-19 est devenue évidente, nous avons communiqué notre intention de reporter The International (TI), et avons commencé à réserver des lieux pour plusieurs choix alternatifs de dates et de pays dans le monde. Nous avons ensuite cherché comment organiser The International en envisageant divers scénarios de pandémie, avec l’espoir que l’événement pourrait avoir lieu au plus tôt. Comme les tournois du DPC du printemps ne pouvaient plus avoir lieu, nous avons d’abord contacté les groupes organisateurs pour voir ce qu’ils envisageaient de faire à l’avenir. Certains nous ont dit vouloir organiser des événements tiers pour couvrir la période allant de mars à la fin de l’été.Au fur et à mesure que nous approchions du milieu de l’été, la volatilité de l’épidémie s’était largement accentuée, et l’impact qu’elle pouvait avoir sur de futurs tournois du DPC et sur The International est devenu pour nous une forte préoccupation. La situation mondiale rendait peu probable la tenue de matchs internationaux pendant un certain temps. Nous avons depuis vu certains scénarios se produire dans d’autres compétitions internationales : les équipes de certains pays ont dû être exclues après s’être qualifiées en raison de restrictions sur les voyages et de complications soudaines. Nous avions déjà anticipé qu’il ne serait pas possible de réunir le public pour les tournois du DPC, mais nous souhaitions au moins pouvoir envisager sereinement de réunir toutes les équipes pour une compétition internationale. Nous considérons cette réunion comme un élément décisif dans l’attribution des points du DPC pour The International. Il y avait également une incertitude sur la date de The International même, et étant donné le délai important nécessaire, il était difficile de déterminer avec confiance un créneau de dates vu l’expansion de l’épidémie. Le fait que la saison du DPC et ses péripéties se trouvent trop détachées du cheminement vers The International était un point négatif pour nous. Cela aurait aussi nécessité un système de dégradation des points du DPC. Ce n’est pas forcément une mauvaise chose en soi, mais il y a certains inconvénients à devoir l’introduire de manière abrupte en milieu de saison si le paysage change. De plus, certains groupes organisateurs s’inquiétaient également d’une qualité de diffusion plus basse, ou étaient réticents à organiser des tournois du DPC à l’automne. Si la compétition internationale et la proximité avec The International ne sont pas des conditions impératives, il nous a semblé que, vis-à-vis de leur double nature d’éléments de The International et de produit cohérent pour les fans, il valait mieux remettre à plus tard les tournois du DPC pour l’instant. Notre plan était donc de laisser libres les prochains mois afin que d’autres événements et ligues puissent avoir lieu. Historiquement, nous avons toujours voulu que des tournois tiers puissent exister en dehors de The International (cette volonté a toutefois connu quelques fluctuations au fil des années, car la demande des fans et des compétiteurs pour des circuits plus structurés menant à TI s’est accrue). En adoptant cette approche, nous avions l’espoir de parvenir à une relation meilleure et plus cohérente entre le DPC et TI tout en permettant aux tournois tiers de continuer à avoir un impact, notre objectif final étant toujours de pouvoir proposer aux fans du contenu intéressant à regarder à l’automne.Peu après notre annonce de ne pas poursuivre dans l’immédiat le DPC comme prévu, nous avons reçu de nombreuses réactions négatives des fans. De nombreux points soulevés nous paraissent des critiques fondées à notre égard, en particulier parce que nous n’avons pas communiqué nos intentions ni ce à quoi ils pouvaient s’attendre dans l’avenir.Pour la prochaine saison compétitive, il y aura au moins quatre tournois tiers et tournois de ligues en Europe et CEI, trois en Chine, plus quelques autres qui en sont encore au stade préliminaire de planification et sont donc encore incertains pour l’instant. Cependant, bien des équipes, groupes organisateurs, commentateurs, commentatrices et fans dans le monde ne trouveront pas leur compte avec la tournure actuelle des événements. La faute nous en revient, car nous ne les avons pas suffisamment poussés et soutenus.Dans cette optique, nous avons commencé à contacter beaucoup plus de groupes organisateurs de tournois pour offrir notre aide et notre soutien financier, dans le but d’augmenter la couverture mondiale pour le reste de l’année. Nous nous attendons à ce que ces événements soient progressivement annoncés au fil de la saison en cours dès qu’ils seront prêts pour une communication aux fans et aux équipes.Par ailleurs, parmi les compétiteurs et les fans, on nous a demandé plus de clarté sur les dates probables selon nous de reprise du DPC et de TI. À l’heure actuelle, nous envisageons un démarrage du DPC en janvier ou février 2021. Nous espérons qu’après la conclusion de la première ligue du DPC, les restrictions de voyages seront plus prédictibles et que les restrictions spontanées seront moins probables, ce qui permettra la tenue de tournois majeurs lors de compétitions internationales. Nous partons également du principe que le plus probable est que The International ait lieu à Stockholm en août 2021. Nous envisageons d’autres pays comme solutions de rechange, mais il est clair que ce serait une contrariété pour les fans de le déplacer dans un autre pays si cela n’apportait pas un gain de temps substantiel.Nous avons aussi pris en compte vos commentaires et inquiétudes concernant les droits de streaming de DotaTV. C’est un sujet dont nous avons discuté ouvertement dans le passé, et sur lequel nos opinions ont légèrement évolué au fil des données que nous avons recueillies. Nous persistons à penser que lorsque des streamers de la communauté diffusent leur commentaire personnel sur un tournoi, cela apporte un plus aux fans et à la scène compétitive. Nous pensons également qu’à long terme, les tournois eux-mêmes bénéficient de cette exposition supplémentaire aux fans de ces streamers de la communauté. Néanmoins, il est vrai que cela peut entraîner une perte de revenus à court terme et réduire la capacité de monétisation pour les groupes qui organisent les tournois. À partir du 15 septembre, la licence Dota sera mise à jour pour refléter ceci : les groupes qui organisent des tournois Dota 2 devront transmettre aux streamers de la communauté un ensemble de conditions non monétaires raisonnables et simples à réaliser, par exemple afficher les sponsors des groupes organisateurs sur leurs streams, ou streamer les matchs en léger différé. Les streamers de la communauté pourront utiliser le flux de DotaTV dans leur diffusion pourvu qu’ils ou elles adhèrent à ces conditions. Grâce à cette mesure, les streamers de la communauté pourront, avec plus de certitude et de confiance, streamer sans créer de remous, et certains intérêts essentiels des groupes qui organisent les tournois seront protégés. Pour éviter des problèmes de dernière minute, nous recommandons aux commentateurs et commentatrices qui souhaitent streamer un tournoi de se coordonner avec le groupe organisateur à l’avance, afin d’assurer qu’ils ou elles pourront satisfaire les conditions présentées. Pour les groupes organisateurs de tournois et les parties concernées qui auraient des questions, n’hésitez pas à nous contacter à l’adresse [email protected]Depuis les profondeurs du coffre à jouets, une peluche effroyable rejoint le champ de bataille. Maintenant disponible pour toutes les personnes qui ont atteint le niveau 255 du passe de bataille, le nouveau persona de héros « Boucher en peluche » pour Pudge comprend un tout nouveau modèle, de nouvelles animations et de nouvelles répliques.Particulièrement redouté par les autres peluches qui habitent le coffre à jouets, le boucher en peluche rôde dans les recoins sombres du panier, toujours en quête d’une nouvelle proie. Tous les jouets savent qu’une fois que le crochet du boucher vous a transpercé, votre vie et vos entrailles duveteuses vous échappent et s’éparpillent sur le champ de bataille, tandis que le jouet infernal s’éloigne joyeusement de votre dépouille abandonnée et en lambeaux.Récupérez ce nouveau persona dès maintenant depuis votre passe de bataille. Et dans le même temps, n’oubliez pas d’obtenir le pack de l’annonceur « La voix de The International », disponible pour toutes les personnes qui ont atteint le niveau 75, afin qu’il vous guide vers votre prochaine victoire.orBuy and sell items with community members using Steam Wallet funds.Browse and rate items created by the community.SpotlightTreasure SpotlightPopular ToolsHUD Skins & Loading ScreensMERCHANDISEA temporada de Outono chegou e estamos animados em anunciar atualizações para o Dota + e clãs. A temporada começa hoje e vai até o início de dezembro de 2020.Tesouro Outonal de 2020Agora, assinantes do Dota + podem usar os seus fragmentos para comprar um novo tesouro. Este tesouro inclui 12 conjuntos criados pela comunidade para os seguintes heróis: Nyx Assassin, Leshrac, Medusa, Vengeful Spirit, Weaver, Clockwerk, Faceless Void, Doom, Sven, Axe, Crystal Maiden e Tusk. Além disso, o tesouro também traz de volta as gemas Etéreas e Prismáticas, com uma de cada pré-equipada aleatoriamente no entregador muito raro “Filhote Ardente”. O nosso plano é disponibilizar um novo tesouro sazonal para compra com fragmentos a cada três meses. O próximo tesouro ficará disponível no dia 1º de dezembro, e assim sucessivamente a cada três meses. Esse também será o mesmo período para novos terrenos e missões sazonais. Atualizações para o Dota +Além das formas atuais para obtenção de fragmentos, assinantes do Dota + também podem obter até 57.850 fragmentos com a nova temporada de missões do Outono de 2020. Estes fragmentos adicionais farão a diferença para aproveitar o tesouro sazonal. Agora, assinantes do Dota + podem usar a nova grade de heróis do assistente de funções. Conforme a comunidade do Dota encontra maneiras novas e diferentes de jogar com os heróis, o novo assistente de funções registra automaticamente as seleções de todos os heróis na criação de partidas competitivas baseadas em funções e os exibe nas funções mais escolhidas. Tais dados são atualizados automaticamente para destacar as últimas tendências e podem ser filtrados pela classificação MMR.Além disso, diversos recursos do passe de batalha foram movidos para o Dota +:Também aumentamos de 16 para 25 a quantidade máxima de jogadores que podem ser adicionados à sua lista de jogadores a serem evitados.Fragmentos para todo mundoGostaríamos que todos tivessem a oportunidade de obter e gastar fragmentos, então fizemos uma alteração para que este recurso fique disponível para todos os jogadores, em vez de ser algo exclusivo do Dota +. Embora a maneira mais eficiente de obter fragmentos seja através do Dota +, liberamos o seguinte conjunto de recursos para todos os jogadores:Atualização para os clãsReintroduzimos os clãs durante o passe de batalha, e ficamos felizes em ver quantos jogadores participaram desses grupos e compartilharam as suas opiniões conosco. Estamos mantendo os clãs atuais, mas diversas recompensas só funcionavam no contexto do passe de batalha. Reformulamos tais recursos para que você possa continuar se divertindo com o seu clã, o tempo inteiro.Agora, clãs não possuem mais níveis numéricos — em vez disso, criamos uma classificação semanal com os pontos de clã obtidos na respectiva região. Uma vez por semana, membros do clã receberão uma nova classificação de clã e poderão resgatar fragmentos; assinantes do Dota + recebem o dobro dessa quantia. A colocação semanal de um clã nas classificações também dá acesso a novas vantagens, que podem mudar ao longo do tempo. Atualmente, estas são as vantagens:Ao fim da semana, todos os pontos de clã serão reduzidos em uma porcentagem. Desta forma, novos clãs terão a chance de alcançar clãs veteranos; entretanto, terão que trabalhar duro para chegar no topo! Queremos que este recurso recompense clãs ativos e engajados, trabalhando em conjunto semana a semana para obter pontos — com isso em mente, monitoraremos e ajustaremos o decaimento semanal para atender a esse objetivo. Agora, contratos de clãs fornecem pontos de clã e fragmentos. Todos os jogadores têm acesso a um espaço de contrato por dia, e assinantes do Dota + têm acesso a um segundo espaço. Desafios de clã ainda podem ser cumpridos em grupos de três ou mais membros do clã, concedendo pontos para a colocação nas classificações. Disputar partidas fornece pontos de clã enquanto membro de um, ganhando pontos adicionais ao se juntar com outros membros do clã.Todos os jogadores podem participar de clãs, mas somente assinantes do Dota + podem criá-los.Temporada competitivaNo passado, vimos diversos aspectos negativos relacionados a forçar a redefinição de MMR de todos os jogadores ao mesmo tempo. Isso tem sido parte da nossa relutância em continuar com este processo a cada seis meses. No entanto, após expressarmos esse sentimento recentemente, recebemos muitos comentários sobre como as pessoas consideram essa funcionalidade importante, além de várias sugestões sobre como podemos trabalhar nisso.Desta forma, experimentaremos uma nova forma de resetar MMRs. Estamos tornando a redefinição de MMR opcional, e para quem quiser participar, espalharemos as datas para não criar muita volatilidade de uma vez só (além da volatilidade já existente ao iniciar a calibração). Esperamos que isso remova boa parte do lado negativo da redefinição de MMR, além de propiciar um ambiente um pouco mais estável para aqueles que desejarem passar pelo processo.Ao iniciar a sua sessão, você pode acessar as Configurações, onde colocamos uma nova seção de Recalibração de MMR na aba “Conta”. Para impedir que todos recalibrem de uma só vez, as datas de início serão espaçadas entre 22 de outubro e 22 de novembro de 2020, podendo ser ativada a qualquer momento até o término da temporada. Quando o botão estiver disponível para você, fique à vontade para apertá-lo, nunca apertá-lo ou treinar no modo competitivo antes de ativá-lo.ComunicaçãoA comunidade tem solicitado uma comunicação mais aberta sobre as coisas nas quais estamos trabalhando. Há diversos motivos que nos fazem evitar expor tais coisas até que tenhamos algo pronto para ser lançado, pois algumas vezes há mudanças de planos, uma ideia não chega a um produto final, entre outros. Às vezes, também não temos certeza em relação a datas, não queremos criar falsas expectativas sobre o escopo de uma atualização ou desapontar a comunidade com estimativas erradas.Com isso dito, reconhecemos que às vezes precisamos balancear esse pensamento com o anseio da comunidade por informações. Portanto, compartilharemos informações sobre alguns tópicos abaixo.Comecemos pelos novos heróis. Sabemos que a comunidade costuma esperar novos heróis nesse período todos os anos (geralmente por volta de novembro). Estamos planejando lançar um novo herói no fim de novembro, seguido de outros espalhados ao longo do próximo ano (com o próximo sendo lançado no primeiro trimestre de 2021). Recentemente, pensamos em tentar uma nova abordagem de desenvolvimento distribuindo atualizações ao longo do ano, em vez de centralizarmos a maioria do conteúdo e atualizações em torno do International. Imaginamos que atualizações mais bem distribuídas sejam mais atrativas para os usuários do que as iterações anteriores.Outra área na qual trabalhamos recentemente é o comportamento de jogadores e toxicidade. Já fizemos alguns ajustes na versão atual do jogo sem descrevê-los em atualizações, mas ainda há outras coisas em desenvolvimento. Aprimoramos os sistemas de detecção de smurfs (jogadores experientes usando contas de nível inferior) e como resultado começamos a impedir que novas contas possam ser pareadas com jogadores normais e novatos. Agora, contas de smurfs têm uma chance muito maior de jogar somente com outros smurfs, incluindo grupos onde apenas um jogador é smurf. Eles também têm grandes chances de herdar pontuações comportamentais negativas das suas contas alternativas, limitando o impacto negativo dentro do jogo. Também fizemos mais alguns ajustes para que novas contas atinjam o seu MMR correto mais rapidamente, embora ainda haja mais a ser feito nesse quesito. Temos algumas abordagens para lidar com isso e já estamos trabalhando, mas no momento ainda estão na fase de pesquisa/experimentação.Também estivemos banindo mais contas “boostadas” (quando outra pessoa sobe o nível da conta através de transferências), conforme aprimoramos os sistemas de detecção nos últimos meses e ganhamos mais confiança para emitir esses banimentos. Nos últimos 30 dias, banimos mais de 14.000 contatos, e configuramos os sistemas para continuar banindo contas boostadas daqui em diante. Mas esta área requer monitoramentos e ajustes constantes para não estagnar, e métodos de detecção mais avançados, que também estão nas fases iniciais de pesquisa/experimentação, podem trazer benefícios.Falando de toxicidade e comportamentos disruptivos por parte de jogadores, estamos trabalhando em um sistema de certa forma similar à Fiscalização do CS:GO. Não estamos prontos para compartilhar mais informações a respeito disso no momento, mas o faremos assim que pudermos. Esperamos lançar isso no jogo o mais rápido possível.Por fim, fizemos melhorias na nossa engine que resultaram em pequenos aprimoramentos de desempenho em CPUs multinúcleo, e traremos isso ao Dota. Ainda há alguns testes a serem feitos, pois há a chance de aparecem alguns problemas, mas esperamos lançar por volta da próxima semana. Como já era de se esperar, devido às alterações no código, o lançamento pode ser um pouco assustador.Hoje marca o fim da temporada do passe de batalha do International 10. Agradecemos a todos que participaram e, embora este ano não tenhamos terminado com uma equipe erguendo a Égide, todos nós da Valve esperamos que vocês e as suas famílias se mantenham saudáveis — e aguardamos ansiosamente para nos reunirmos no TI10.Com o término da temporada, temos a honra de anunciar o resultado da Votação Arcana de 2020. Neste ano, a comunidade dividiu milhões de votos entre dois dos heróis mais roxos do Dota 2, Faceless Void e Spectre, e com um resultado final de 27.475.258 votos contra 24.948.538, Spectre venceu o Arcano deste ano. A equipe começará a formular um Arcano digno de Mercurial, a Spectre, canalizando a sua energia sombria em formas outrora inimagináveis. Como ela assombrará as suas vítimas? Como a sua dispersão arrasará os seus inimigos? Quando guiada pela sua Adaga Espectral, com que cor mortal ela brilhará? Sim, roxo, é claro, mas qual TOM de roxo? Aguardem, amantes de lavanda, degustadores de uva e votantes violetas. Em breve, todas essas questões serão respondidas (ou algumas).Além disso, lançaremos algumas novas atualizações para o Dota + na próxima semana, incluindo atualizações para clãs, uma nova temporada do Dota + e um novo mecanismo de redefinição de MMR. O Tesouro Imortal III já está disponível e inclui itens inéditos para Pugna, Clockwerk, Oracle, Treant Protector, Gyrocopter e Lich.Além destes itens, a cada tesouro que abrir, você terá mais chances de receber 50 níveis de batalha como uma recompensa rara, uma versão dourada muito rara do item de Pugna e ainda a chance ultrarrara de receber um par de asas para o Phoenix. Como sempre, há a chance cosmicamente rara de encontrar um Emblema da Divindade.O passe de batalha será estendido por mais três semanas, até o dia 9 de outubro, quando o herói vencedor da Votação Arcana também será revelado (fica a dica: é um carregador roxo de ataque corpo a corpo que pode percorrer distâncias com facilidade). Durante este período final, cada portador do passe de batalha pode comprar até dois pacotes de 60 níveis com 30% de desconto.Acesse a página do passe de batalha e veja uma prévia dos novos itens e efeitos personalizados contidos no tesouro.Recebemos diversas reclamações recentemente sobre o estado do CPD e concordamos que precisamos fazer mais. Gostaríamos de usar este blog para mostrar o que aconteceu no passado, quais eram as nossas ideias e o que faremos daqui para frente.Assim que a extensão da pandemia da COVID-19 ficou clara, compartilhamos os nossos planos para adiar o International e começamos a pré-reservar arenas para várias datas e países alternativos ao redor do mundo. Em seguida, começamos a pesquisar como executar o International com base nos diferentes cenários que poderiam se desenrolar na pandemia, na esperança de podermos realizá-lo o mais cedo possível. Como os eventos do CPD de outono já não podiam mais ocorrer, começamos a entrar em contato com os organizadores para ver o que eles pretendiam fazer no futuro. Alguns desses organizadores demonstraram interesse em realizar eventos terceirizados para cobrir o período de março até o final do inverno.Conforme nos aproximamos do meio do inverno, a volatilidade da pandemia aumentou de forma significativa e nos deixou muito preocupados com o impacto que poderia causar em eventos futuros do CPD e mesmo no International. A situação global indicava que participações internacionais seriam difíceis nesse primeiro momento, e desde então pudemos acompanhar cenários de outras competições ao redor do mundo onde equipes de certos países acabaram sendo excluídas após a classificação devido a restrições de viagens e outras complicações abruptas. Embora já presumíssemos que a presença de plateia nos eventos do CPD estaria fora de questão, queríamos ao menos ter a confiança de que poderíamos trazer todas as equipes para uma competição internacional. Acreditamos que esse era um fator crucial a respeito de como alocar os pontos do CPD para o International. Também estávamos incertos sobre quando o próprio International ocorreria, e devido ao grande tempo de antecedência necessário, os números crescentes de casos de COVID-19 dificultaram planejar qualquer período com confiança. O potencial que isso teria de desviar a temporada do CPD e a sua narrativa do caminho em direção ao International era algo negativo para nós. Caso fizéssemos isso, o CPD precisaria passar por uma redução de pontos, o que não é necessariamente algo ruim, mas interferir abruptamente nos pontos no meio da temporada para se ajustar a mudanças de cenário traria mais desvantagens. Além disso, alguns organizadores também entraram em contato conosco expressando preocupação sobre uma possível redução de qualidade nas suas transmissões ou mesmo relutantes quanto à realização de eventos durante esse período. Embora nem as competições entre regiões nem a distância relativa para o International sejam requisitos absolutos, sentimos que o melhor para o CPD — tanto como uma parte do International e também como um produto coeso para os fãs — seria a sua pausa temporária. Disto isso, o nosso plano é deixar os próximos meses abertos para que outras ligas e eventos ocorram. Historicamente, a nossa abordagem tem sido a de querer que torneios de terceiros possam existir fora do International (embora isso tenha fluído ao longo dos anos, conforme o aumento da demanda de fãs e jogadores por circuitos mais estruturados levando ao TI). A nossa esperança era alcançar uma relação melhor e mais coerente entre o CPD e o TI com esta abordagem, ainda permitindo que eventos de terceiros causassem um impacto. A ideia era que, no fim das contas, os fãs continuassem tendo conteúdo para acompanhar nessa metade do ano.Assim que anunciamos que não continuaríamos imediatamente com o CPD conforme planejado, recebemos muitos comentários negativos da comunidade. Acreditamos que muitos dos pontos levantados eram críticas válidas, principalmente por não termos comunicado quais eram as nossas intenções nem o que poderiam esperar para o futuro.Nesta próxima temporada competitiva, ocorrerão pelo menos quatro eventos e ligas de terceiros na Europa/CEI, três na China e alguns outros que ainda estão na fase de planejamento inicial e não podem ser contabilizados no momento. Entretanto, ainda haverá muitas equipes, narradores, organizadores e fãs ao redor do mundo que não serão substancialmente contemplados com essa trajetória — e isso é culpa nossa, por não ter dado o devido cuidado e atenção.Com isso em mente, começamos a entrar em contato com vários outros organizadores de torneios, oferecendo ajuda e auxílio financeiro para poder criar uma maior cobertura global pelo resto do ano. Esperamos que esses eventos sejam anunciados gradualmente ao longo da temporada, assim que estiverem prontos para serem divulgados para os fãs e equipes.Outro comentário que recebemos de jogadores e fãs foi a falta de uma data provável para o retorno do CPD e do TI. A nossa perspectiva no momento é de um retorno do CPD no primeiro ou segundo mês de 2021. Esperamos que, quando as primeiras ligas do CPD forem concluídas, as restrições de viagem estejam mais previsíveis e que novas restrições sejam improváveis, permitindo que Majors com participantes de diversas regiões ocorram. Também estamos trabalhando com a suposição de que a data mais provável para o International seja agosto de 2021, em Estocolmo. Embora tenhamos outros países como plano B, sabemos que os fãs ficariam chateados se movêssemos para outra localização sem ter grandes ganhos de logística.Também ouvimos os seus questionamentos e preocupações sobre os direitos de transmissão da Dota TV. Este foi um tópico que discutimos abertamente no passado e, à medida que coletamos mais dados, nossos pensamentos mudaram um pouco. Nós ainda acreditamos que os streamers da comunidade, fornecendo seus próprios comentários sobre um torneio, adicionam um valor positivo para os fãs e para o cenário competitivo. Também acreditamos que, a longo prazo, os próprios torneios se beneficiam da exposição adicional aos fãs dos streamers da comunidade. No entanto, é verdade que isso pode causar uma perda de receita em curto prazo, bem como uma redução na habilidade dos organizadores do torneio de monetizar de forma eficaz. A partir de 15 de setembro, a licença do DotaTV será atualizada para refletir o seguinte: organizadores de torneios de Dota 2 terão que fornecer aos streamers da comunidade um conjunto de requisitos não monetários que seja razoável e simples de executar, como exibir os patrocinadores dos organizadores em suas transmissões ou ter um pequeno atraso nos jogos. Os streamers da comunidade poderão usar o feed da DotaTV em sua transmissão, desde que concordem com esses requisitos. Acreditamos que isso proporcionará mais certeza e confiança aos streamers da comunidade para poderem transmitir sem muita turbulência, ao mesmo tempo em que protegemos alguns interesses importantes dos organizadores dos torneios. Para evitar possíveis problemas de última hora, aconselhamos aos que desejarem transmitir um torneio que coordenem com antecedência com o organizador, para garantir que eles sejam capazes de cumprir os requisitos apresentados. Aos organizadores de torneios e outros envolvidos que tenham dúvidas, entrem em contato conosco em [email protected]Nem mesmo Lyralei compreendia a profundidade da sua ligação com o vento guardião. Sem saber nada sobre os seus antepassados nem ter lembranças dos seus primeiros dias de vida, ela buscava a verdade no sussurro das árvores ensolaradas que a cercavam ou nos uivos de tempestades que escureciam a própria luz solar. Porém, conforme ela crescia e a sua estranha conexão com o vento guardião se fortalecia ainda mais, uma inquietação a respeito das suas origens começou a dominá-la. Liberte o poder dos ventos com o novo pacote Arcano “Bússola da Ventania Crescente”, já disponível no passe de batalha do International 10.Este pacote Arcano inclui um novo modelo e itens base, novas animações, uma barra de canalização e um contador de dano personalizados para os Disparos Concentrados, efeitos ambientes para ambos os estilos de ventos, adições aos efeitos base e de Imortais para as suas habilidades, novos efeitos de morte para a Windranger e heróis inimigos derrotados e mais de 500 falas exclusivas. Acumule dano causado aos seus alvos usando Disparos Concentrados e destrave o estilo alternativo “Reflexões da Ventania”.Acesse a página da Bússola da Ventania Crescente para saber mais.Desenterrado das profundezas da caixa de brinquedos, um brinquedo assustador se junta à batalha. Já disponível para todos os portadores do passe de batalha que alcançarem o nível 255, a nova persona para Pudge apresenta um novo modelo, novas animações e uma nova dublagem.Temido entre as dezenas de habitantes das caixas de brinquedos, o Açougueiro de Pelúcia fica à espreita pelos cantos e pelas sombras, sempre à espera da próxima vítima. Os brinquedos sabem que, quando enganchados pelo açougueiro, é fim de papo. Eles ficam despedaçados, com pelúcia espalhada por todos os lados, enquanto o monstro fofinho se afasta dos seus farrapos mortais.Obtenha já a nova persona no seu passe de batalha e não se esqueça de pegar também o pacote de locutor “Voz do International” para anunciar a sua próxima vitória, disponível para todos os portadores do passe de batalha a partir do nível 75.Начинается осенний сезон, и мы с радостью объявляем об обновлениях Dota Plus и системы гильдий. Сезон начинается сегодня и продлится до начала декабря 2020 года.Осенняя сокровищница 2020Теперь подписчики Dota Plus могут приобрести за осколки новую сокровищницу. Она содержит 12 наборов от сообщества для Nyx Assassin, Leshrac, Medusa, Vengeful Spirit, Weaver, Clockwerk, Faceless Void, Doom, Sven, Axe, Crystal Maiden и Tusk. Также в ней возвращаются потусторонние и призматические самоцветы: очень редкий курьер Blazing Hatchling содержит по каждому из них, выбранному случайно. Сейчас мы планируем каждые три месяца выпускать по новой сезонной сокровищнице, которую можно приобрести за осколки. Следующая выйдет 1 декабря, но после этого сокровищницы будут меняться каждые три месяца вместе с сезонными заданиями и ландшафтами. Обновления Dota PlusПодписчики Dota Plus могут получить осколки не только привычными способами, но и выполняя новые сезонные задания — они принесут до 57 850 осколков, которые помогут приобрести побольше сокровищниц. Теперь подписчики Dota Plus могут пользоваться новой сеткой героев от помощника по ролям. Поскольку сообщество постоянно находит новые способы играть за привычных персонажей, помощник по ролям отслеживает тренды в ролевом рейтинге и отображает наиболее популярных героев на каждой роли. Данные обновляются автоматически, так что они всегда будут актуальными, а ещё их можно отфильтровать по рангу.Также в Dota Plus перешли некоторые возможности из боевого пропуска:Кроме того, мы увеличили максимальное число избегаемых игроков с 16 до 25.Осколки для всехМы хотим, чтобы у каждого была возможность зарабатывать и тратить осколки, поэтому теперь эта валюта доступна всем игрокам, а не только подписчикам Dota Plus.Наиболее эффективным способом зарабатывать осколки остаётся Dota Plus, но мы сделали следующие функции доступными всем игрокам:Обновления гильдийВ боевом пропуске мы представили вам обновлённую систему гильдий и были рады увидеть, сколько игроков в них вступают и делятся с нами своим мнением. Существующие гильдии сохранятся, но многие их награды подходили только для боевого пропуска, поэтому мы изменили эти функции, чтобы удовольствие от членства в гильдии оставалось прежним.У гильдий больше нет уровня — вместо них мы вводим еженедельную таблицу лидеров по очкам для каждого региона. Раз в неделю разряд гильдии определяется заново, а её члены получают наградные осколки (для подписчиков Dota Plus их число удваивается) и доступ к особым возможностям, список которых может измениться в будущем. Сейчас список бонусов таков:В конце недели все гильдии теряют некоторую долю своих очков. Это нужно для того, чтобы новые гильдии могли догнать существующие — но, очевидно, им придётся постараться! Мы хотим, чтобы эта функция вознаграждала активные и вовлечённые в игру гильдии, совместно зарабатывающие осколки каждую неделю, поэтому будем оценивать и изменять еженедельное уменьшение для достижения этой цели. Теперь за контракты гильдии даются как очки гильдии, так и осколки. У всех игроков есть доступ к одной ячейке контракта в день, а у подписчиков Dota Plus — к двум. Испытания гильдии по-прежнему выполняются в группе из хотя бы 3 её членов и приносят очки для таблицы лидеров. Также они даются за каждую игру, а если вы играете с согильдийцами, то принесёте ещё больше очков.Любые игроки могут вступать в гильдии, но создавать их могут только подписчики Dota Plus.Рейтинговый сезонВ прошлом мы видели много недостатков в системе, которая сбрасывала рейтинг всех игроков одновременно. Именно с ними было частично связано наше нежелание проводить перекалибровку каждые 6 месяцев. Недавно мы высказали это нежелание, после чего получили очень много сообщений о том, насколько эта система важна для игроков и как можно решить сложившуюся ситуацию.В этом сезоне мы подойдём к сбросу рейтинга по-другому. Во-первых, он станет необязательным. Во-вторых, мы будем вводить его для разных игроков постепенно, чтобы не создавать слишком много непредсказуемости (которая и так существует при начале калибровки). Надеемся, так мы избавимся от большинства недостатков при сбросе рейтинга и позволим всем желающим пройти перекалибровку в более стабильной обстановке.Запустите игру и откройте настройки — вы найдёте новый раздел на вкладке «Аккаунт». Чтобы перекалибровка не происходила сразу у всех, для каждого игрока она станет доступна в случайное время с 22 октября по 22 ноября 2020 года, и будет действовать до конца сезона. Если хотите, вы можете нажать её сразу, не нажимать её вовсе или сначала немного потренироваться.Связь с игрокамиСообщество давно просит, чтобы мы больше рассказывали о том, над чем работаем. По различным причинам мы стараемся не углубляться в эту тему, пока не будем готовы что-нибудь выпустить, ведь иногда планы меняются, а идею не удаётся превратить во что-то хорошее. Иногда мы не уверены насчёт сроков, потому что не хотим завышать ожидания от будущего обновления или разочаровывать пользователей, если наши подсчёты неверны.Однако мы признаём, что при таком подходе время от времени нужно делиться с сообществом информацией, что сейчас и сделаем.Начнём с новых героев. Как правило, сообщество ожидает новых героев осенью каждого года (обычно где-то в ноябре). Мы рассчитываем выпустить одного героя в конце ноября и ещё нескольких — в течение следующего года, начиная с первого квартала. Недавно мы начали обдумывать новый подход к разработке, при котором контент и обновления распределены по всему году, а не сосредоточены вокруг The International. Надеемся, постоянный приток контента будет для пользователей более привлекательным, чем предыдущий подход.Ещё одна область игры, над которой мы работаем в последнее время, — это поведение игроков и токсичность. Кое-что мы выпустили без пояснений относительно недавно, а что-то до сих пор разрабатываем. Мы улучшили систему обнаружения смурфинга, в результате чего новые аккаунты стали отделяться от пула обычных игроков. Теперь смурф-аккаунты с большей вероятностью будут играть с другими смурфами, даже если таковым является лишь один игрок в группе. Также они с некоторой вероятностью будут наследовать низкую порядочность альтернативных аккаунтов, чтобы их негативное влияние было ограничено. Кроме того, благодаря другим улучшениям новые аккаунты быстрее приходят к верному рейтингу, но над этим нам ещё предстоит поработать. Мы пробуем различные подходы, и они пока что находятся на стадии изучения и экспериментов.Мы также стали чаще блокировать аккаунты бустеров. Благодаря улучшенным системам определения бустеров, собиравшим данные последние несколько месяцев, мы можем увереннее выявлять нарушителей. За последние 30 дней мы заблокировали более 14 000 аккаунтов и подготовили системы, которые будут блокировать за бустинг в дальнейшем. Однако они остаются актуальными только при постоянной поддержке и улучшениях, в чём нам помогут продвинутые методы обнаружения, но они также находятся на ранней стадии изучения и экспериментов.Чтобы бороться с игроками, чьё поведение чрезмерно токсично или портит игру остальным, мы разрабатываем новую систему наподобие «Патруля» из CS:GO. Мы пока не готовы рассказать о ней больше, но сделаем это, как только сможем. Надеемся, её получится выпустить как можно скорее.И, наконец, мы немного поработали над движком и добились улучшенной производительности на многоядерных процессорах, так что скоро введём эти изменения в игру. Их ещё предстоит протестировать, чтобы избавиться от ошибок, но мы планируем выпустить обновление в районе следующей недели. Очевидно, при таких изменениях кода оно может оказаться… жутковатым.Сегодня закончилось действие боевого пропуска The International 10. Мы благодарим всех, кто принял участие в этом сезоне. И хоть в этому году нам не довелось увидеть, как команда поднимает Эгиду чемпионов над головой, сотрудники Valve желают вам и вашим семьям здоровья и ждут вас на TI10!Мы бы хотели закрыть этот сезон, объявив победителя голосования за Arcana-предмет в 2020 году. Сообщество выбирало между Faceless Void и Spectre, двумя самыми фиолетовыми героями Dota 2. Проигравший герой набрал 23 048 538 голосов, а победивший — 27 475 258, и им оказалась Spectre! Наша команда создаст для Меркуриал дизайн, достойный Arcana-предмета, чтобы её тёмная энергия приняла невиданную доколе форму. Какое наваждение ждёт её жертв? Как будут преломляться усилия врагов? Каким цветом Spectre будет сиять, прицеливаясь своим спектральным кинжалом? Конечно же, фиолетовым, но каким именно оттенком? Держитесь покрепче, пурпурные победители, сиреневые силачи и любители лаванды. Со временем вы получите ответы на все (ну, или почти все) эти вопросы.А на следующей неделе вас ждёт несколько обновлений Dota Plus, включая начало нового сезона, изменения гильдий и новый механизм сброса рейтинга. Immortal-сокровищница III уже доступна. Она содержит новые предметы для Pugna, Clockwerk, Oracle, Treant, Gyrocopter и Lich.Более того, каждая открытая сокровищница увеличивает ваш шанс получить редкую награду в 50 боевых уровней, очень редкую золотую версию предмета для Pugna, а также невероятно редкие крылья для Phoenix. Как и всегда, из этой сокровищницы можно получить чрезвычайно редкую награду — Divine Emblem.Срок действия боевого пропуска будет продлён на три недели, до 10 октября. Тогда же будут объявлены результаты голосования за Arcana-предмет (небольшая подсказка: это фиолетовый герой основы, который легко преодолевает расстояния). А до этого момента каждый владелец боевого пропуска сможет приобрести до двух комплектов по 60 уровней с выгодой в 30%.Загляните на страницу боевого пропуска и посмотрите, какие предметы и особые эффекты ожидают вас в сокровищнице.Даже сама Лиралей не осознавала всю глубину связи с оберегающим её ветром. Не зная своих родителей, не помня своего младенчества, она могла слышать правду лишь в перешёптываниях облитых солнцем деревьев или вое бурь, скрывающих за собой даже свет дня. Но чем старше она становилась, чем крепче была её необыкновенная связь с ветром, тем больше Лиралей тревожили мысли о её происхождении. Выпустите на волю мощь ветра в новом Arcana-наборе Compass of the Rising Gale, уже доступном в боевом пропуске The International.Набор даёт абсолютно новые модель, анимации, звуки, счётчик урона от Focus Fire, особую шкалу прерываемых заклинаний, визуальные эффекты ветра для обоих стилей, дополнительные эффекты обычных и изменённых Immortal-предметами способностей, более 500 новых эксклюзивных реплик, а также особые анимации смерти как для Windranger, так и для сражённых ею героев. Убивайте врагов с помощью способности Focus Fire, наберите нужное количество урона от неё, и для вас откроется стиль Reflections of the Gale.Больше информации вы найдёте на странице предмета.В последнее время участились жалобы на ситуацию с профессиональным сезоном, и мы согласны, что нам следует уделить ей больше внимания. В этом блоге мы хотим рассказать о том, что происходило в последнее время, какие у нас были идеи и что мы собираемся делать дальше.Когда масштаб пандемии Covid-19 стал очевиден, мы объявили о намерениях отложить The International и начали предварительно бронировать площадки по всему миру на разные даты. Мы начали раздумывать о том, как можно провести The International при разных сценариях развития пандемии, и надеялись сделать это как можно быстрее. Поскольку мероприятия весеннего сезона пришлось отменить, мы стали связываться с организаторами, чтобы узнать их планы на будущее. Некоторые из них выразили намерение проводить сторонние события в период с марта до конца лета.Приближалась середина лета, а масштабы пандемии значительно увеличивались. Нас стало крайне беспокоить то, как это может повлиять на будущие турниры профессионального сезона и The International. Ситуация в мире означала, что мы ещё не скоро сможем собрать международное мероприятие, да и в других соревнованиях частой была ситуация, когда прошедшие отбор команды из определённых стран не могли участвовать из-за запретов на въезд и связанных с этим проблем. Хоть мы и смирились, что на турнирах профессионального сезона не получится собирать толпу зрителей, нам хотелось хотя бы быть уверенными в том, что мы сможем привезти на международное соревнование все коллективы. Мы считали, что это очень важно для того, чтобы распределять очки сезона. Мы также не были уверены в том, когда пройдёт сам The International. На его подготовку требуется много времени, а распространение вируса только мешает задать конкретные временные рамки. Возможность того, что путь команд к The International будет слишком отделён от хода профессионального сезона, нас не устраивала. В таком случае нужно разработать систему, которая со временем вычитала бы очки сезона, что само по себе звучит не так уж и плохо, но вводить её из-за изменений посреди сезона — идея не такая и хорошая. Более того, мы получили отзывы от нескольких организаторов, которые либо волновались, что качество осенних трансляций может снизиться, либо вовсе не хотели заниматься турнирами профессионального сезона в это время. Хоть межрегиональные мероприятия или относительный перерыв перед The International не являются строгими требованиями, профессиональный сезон является и его неотъемлемой частью, и целостным продуктом для фанатов, поэтому мы решили ненадолго его приостановить. Взяв это в расчёт, мы решили освободить несколько следующих месяцев для других лиг и турниров. Наш подход всегда заключался в том, что помимо The International должны проводиться и другие турниры, с ним не связанные (хотя на протяжении последних лет ситуация была непостоянной, так как и фанаты, и игроки требовали более систематического подхода к профессиональному сезону и отборам на TI). Мы надеялись, что сможем таким способом лучше и нагляднее связать профессиональный сезон и The International, при этом дав возможность сторонним турнирам проявить себя, чтобы у фанатов было что посмотреть на протяжении осени.Вскоре после того, как мы объявили об отсрочке профессионального сезона, на нас обрушился шквал критики от фанатов. Мы думаем, что высказанные в наш адрес претензии во многих случаях небезосновательны, в частности потому что мы не сообщили о намерениях и планах на будущее.В предстоящем соревновательном сезоне пройдут по меньшей мере четыре сторонних турнира и лиги в Европе и СНГ, три в Китае, а ещё несколько сейчас планируются, и их проведение пока не могут подтвердить окончательно. Несмотря на это, в связи с нынешними тенденциями не будут удовлетворены потребности многих команд, комментаторов, организаторов и фанатов со всего мира, и мы виноваты в том, что не поддерживаем их в достаточной мере и не настаиваем на проведении турниров.Именно поэтому мы начали связываться со многими организаторами турниров, чтобы предложить им помощь и финансовую поддержку, которая позволит обеспечить более широкий охват до конца этого года. Мы предполагаем, что эти мероприятия будут постепенно анонсированы в течение оставшегося сезона, как только организаторы будут готовы рассказать о них фанатам и командам.Помимо этого, игроки и фанаты просили нас прояснить, когда мы планируем возобновить профессиональный сезон и провести The International. На сегодняшний день мы ожидаем, что сезон начнётся в первые месяцы 2021 года. Мы надеемся, что к окончанию первой лиги сезона ограничения на передвижения будут более предсказуемы, а внезапные запреты станут менее вероятны, что позволит проводить мейджор-турниры и межрегиональные соревнования. Мы также исходим из того, что наиболее вероятным станет проведение The International в Стокгольме в августе 2021 года. Несмотря на то что у нас есть запасные планы с другими странами, мы понимаем, что фанаты будет расстроены, если мы решим сменить место проведения турнира без существенной экономии времени.Мы также получили ваши отзывы и беспокойства по поводу прав на транслирование игр через DotaTV. Мы и раньше открыто обсуждали эту тему, и теперь, когда у нас появилось больше данных, наши взгляды немного изменились. Мы по-прежнему считаем, что трансляции членов сообщества, которые самостоятельно комментируют турнир, приносят пользу как фанатам, так и соревновательной среде. Мы также считаем, что в долгосрочной перспективе организаторы тоже остаются в плюсе от расширения аудитории, узнающей о турнире через подобные трансляции. Однако нельзя отрицать, что в краткосрочной перспективе организаторы могут понести финансовые убытки, так как у них остаётся меньше возможности заработать. Поэтому, начиная с 15 сентября, в лицензию Dota 2 добавятся следующие изменения: организаторы турниров по Dota 2 обязаны предоставить комментаторам из сообщества объективные и простые к исполнению неденежные требования для проведения трансляций: например, отображение на них спонсоров турнира или задержку относительно официальной трансляции организатора. Если комментатор из сообщества согласен с предложенными условиями, он может транслировать игру через DotaTV. Мы считаем, что так деятели из сообщества не будут сомневаться, могут ли они транслировать игру без лишней неразберихи, а часть ключевых интересов организаторов будет защищена. Чтобы избежать неожиданных эксцессов, мы рекомендуем желающим транслировать турнир заранее связываться с организаторами, чтобы успеть выполнить все необходимые требования. Организаторы турниров и причастные к этому лица могут связаться с нами по любым вопросам, написав на электронный адрес: [email protected]Из глубин коробки с игрушками в бой выступает нечто дикое, но симпатичное. Доступная всем владельцам боевого пропуска 255-го уровня, личность Toy Butcher включает в себя новые модель, анимации и озвучку для Pudge.Больше всего набитые ватой обитатели ящика с игрушками боятся плюшевого мясника. Он непрестанно ищет новых жертв в самых тёмных уголках, и каждая игрушка знает: окажешься на мясницком крюке — прощайся с набивкой и жизнью. Плюшевое чудище радостно вытянет из рваных останков всё до последней нитки, и каждая линия будет увешана клочками его жертв.Получите новую личность в боевом пропуске, и не забудьте по пути забрать набор комментаторов «Голос The International» на 75 уровне пропуска, чтобы ваша следующая победа звучала торжественно как никогда.0 in a row金秋赛季已经到来，在这里我们隆重宣布刀塔Plus和公会的更新内容。 赛季自今日开启，并持续到2020年十二月初。2020年金秋珍藏刀塔Plus会员现在可以使用碎片购买一款全新珍藏。 珍藏内含12套社区精心打造的套装，面向的英雄有司夜刺客、拉席克、美杜莎、复仇之魂、编织者、发条技师、虚空假面、末日使者、斯温、斧王、水晶室女和巨牙海民。 还包含了重新推出的虚灵和棱彩宝石，非常珍稀的小朱雀信使将自带这两种宝石的随机一款。 目前我们的计划是每3个月推出一款全新的季节珍藏，供大家利用碎片进行购买。 下一款珍藏将于12月1日推出，接着开始每3个月会推出一款。 这将与赛季任务和季节地图相一致。 刀塔Plus更新除了现有的获取碎片方式，刀塔Plus会员还能通过2020年秋季的全新赛季任务获取最多57 850块碎片。 这些额外的碎片将成为入手赛季珍藏的助力。 刀塔Plus会员现在可以使用全新的定位助手英雄网格布局。 随着Dota社区为英雄找到不同的新套路，全新的定位助手会自动记录天梯定位比赛中每个英雄的挑选情况，而所有英雄会显示他们挑选次数最多的定位。 相关数据会根据近期走势自动更新，并且可以通过天梯排位筛选。勇士令状中也有不少功能移至刀塔Plus：我们还将拉黑玩家名单上的玩家数量从16个增加至25个。大家同享碎片我们想让所有玩家都享受到获取和消耗碎片的乐趣，所以对机制进行了更改，使碎片对所有玩家开放，而不仅是刀塔Plus会员专属。尽管获取碎片的最有效方式还是拥有刀塔Plus，不过我们对所有玩家开放了以下功能：公会更新我们在勇士令状期间重新推出了公会，也非常高兴地看到玩家踊跃参与，分享反馈。 现有公会全部保留，但由于许多奖励都是在勇士令状环境下才能生效。 对这些奖励都已进行重新设计，这样就能一直享受公会的乐趣。公会不再具有公会等级——现在是每个地区都有根据公会积分计算的每周排行榜。 每一周，公会成员都会获得他们新的公会排位，并领取相应的碎片奖励；刀塔Plus会员获得的碎片奖励翻倍。 公会的每周排行榜排名还会相应地提供随时间可能会有变更的特权： 目前的特权有：在每周结束时，现有的公会积分会扣除一定百分比。 这样新公会就有机会赶上已有的公会；但是，他们自然需要加倍努力才能追赶！ 我们想通过这个功能奖励每周都活跃于获取积分的公会——所以我们会不断关注，调整每周的衰减量来达成目标。 公会契约现在可以获取公会积分和碎片。 所有玩家每天都有一个契约栏位，刀塔Plus会员还会另有一个栏位。 公会挑战还是需要3名以上公会成员组队才能完成，并且会提供排行榜所需的公会积分。 在公会中游玩比赛可以获取公会积分，并且与公会伙伴组队还将拥有加成效果。所有玩家都可以加入公会，不过只有刀塔Plus会员可以创建公会。天梯赛季以往强制所有玩家同时重置积分时我们见到了很多反面效果。 这也是我们不愿意每半年重置一次的部分原因。 但我们近期表达了这个意愿后，也收到了很多玩家反馈说这个功能对他们非常宝贵，也对如何处理这个问题提出了很多建议。因此，我们将尝试全新的方法来重置天梯积分。 我们现在使重置积分变为可选状态，而对于想要重置的玩家，参与的时间段会进行分散，这样不会在同一时间产生过多波动（除了进入校准状态后已有的波动）。 希望这样能根除重置天梯积分的大部分缺点，让真正想重置的玩家能在更为稳定的环境中竞技。登录游戏后前往设置选项，在账号页面下有一个天梯积分校准版块。 为了阻止所有玩家在同一时间进行重新校准，起始时间会平均地分散到2020年10月22日至2020年11月22日，并且在赛季结束前可以随时选择开启。 在按钮可以点击后尽管点击按钮，或者在开启前先热好身，抑或是完全不点，一切由你做主。交流沟通社区一直想让我们多谈一点正在制作的内容。 对于这点，有很多原因使我们不愿意在有内容准备就绪之前就夸夸其谈，因为有时候计划容易变化，或者创意难以落实，等等。 有时我们也对发布日期没有把握，也不愿意给更新的内容设立虚假的期待，或者由于判断失误令人失望。也就是说，我们认识到有时我们需要将这种方式和社区对获取消息的渴望相平衡。 所以我们对下列话题将分享更多信息。首先是关于新英雄。 我们知道社区期待每年在秋季看到新英雄（通常是十一月左右的时间）。 而我们现在计划是在十一月底发布一名新英雄，接着明年会全年分开发布更多英雄，下一个将是明年第一季度。 近来我们在考虑尝试全局开发计划，将大更新分散到全年，而不是将大部分内容和更新集中在国际邀请赛前后。 希望稳定的内容产出相比之前的方法对玩家会更具吸引力。另一个我们一直致力的领域是玩家行为和恶劣行径整治。 其中有部分我们近期所做的没有附上更新日志，而还有部分还未推出的依然在开发中。 我们对检测开小号的系统进行了诸项优化，现在我们已开始将新玩家在匹配比赛时与普通玩家分开。 开小号的玩家现在更有可能只会匹配到其他开小号的玩家，这包括组队的玩家中只有一人是开小号的情况。 他们也有可能会继承到大号的负面行为分，限制住他们游玩时的负面行为。 我们还做了不少优化措施，帮助新用户尽快达到符合自身水平的匹配积分，不过这个方面还有许多工作要做。 我们有多种方法来解决目前的问题，不过现在都还在研究/试验阶段。我们还加大了封禁代练账号的力度，在近来数月改进了检测系统，封禁时更有把握不会误封。 在过去一个月里我们封禁了14000余个账号，并且搭建了系统进行持续封禁。 不过这个领域需要不断的工作和优化才能避免产生堆积，而其中还要依赖更为先进的检测手段，这些还依然处于早期研究/试验阶段。针对玩家的恶劣行径和破坏游戏的行为，我们在制作全新的监管系统，某种意义上与CS:GO的系统类似。 目前我们还无法分享更多信息，不过有内容更新后我们会尽快与大家交流。 希望这个系统能尽快进入游戏。最后一点，我们完成了一些引擎开发工作，能使多核CPU得到适当的性能优化，这些更新也即将进入Dota。 由于目前还会导致一些问题，所以我们还需要进行一些测试工作，不过我们计划在下周左右更新。 如预期一样，由于需要更改代码，更新可能会有点灵异哦。第10届国际邀请赛勇士令状活动已于今天圆满结束。 感谢所有玩家的大力参与，尽管今年没有队伍将神盾收入囊中，但Valve的所有同仁都希望各位还有各位的家人能够身体健康，我们期待未来大家能为TI10齐聚一堂。随着活动的结束，我们很高兴地宣布2020年票选至宝的投票结果。 今年社区为Dota 2中两位发紫的英雄，虚空假面和幽鬼，投下了上百万张票，而他们分别获得了24 948 538票和27 475 258票，因此今年的至宝得主是：幽鬼。 团队将着手设计契合幽鬼墨丘利的至宝，将她的暗黑能量引导成在此之前未有过想象的形态。 届时她的鬼影将如何笼罩猎物？ 她的折射又将如何侵蚀敌人？ 她用幽鬼之刃瞄准目标时又会闪耀何种致命的光芒？ 没错，紫色的，这是当然的，不过是深一点，还是浅一点呢？ 大家稍安勿躁，不论你喜欢的是薰衣草，梅子还是紫罗兰。 总有一天，所有问题（或许是一部分）会有答案的。另外，下周我们将对刀塔Plus进行一些更新。 更新内容包括公会的更新，全新刀塔Plus赛季，以及全新的天梯积分重置机制。 不朽宝藏III现已推出，其中内含帕格纳、发条技师、神谕者、树精卫士、矮人直升机和巫妖的全新物品。除了这些物品之外，每次解封宝藏时还将以不断增加的概率获得珍稀的50级勇士令状等级，非常珍稀的帕格纳物品的纯金版本，或珍稀超凡的凤凰翅膀。 而且还有珍稀绝伦的神圣纹章。勇士令状活动再延长3周，截至10月9日，届时将揭晓票选至宝的投票结果（提示：是一个机动性强的紫色近战核心）。 在最后的时间里，每个勇士令状玩家都可以按照七折的优惠价格购买两份60级的礼包。赶快前往勇士令状专题，查看珍藏内全新物品和自定义特效的预览效果。就连莱瑞蕾自己都不知道她与守护之风之间的联系到底是什么程度。 对自己的先人和最初的时光一无所知的她，要知道真相只能聆听周围阳光斑驳的森林流转的低语，或者是遮天蔽日的呼啸狂风。 但是随着她长大成人，她与守护之风的奇妙联系更加紧密，众人也更加担忧她的血统问题。 赶快穿上第10届国际邀请赛勇士令状推出的全新清风环佩至宝捆绑包，释放清风的力量。这个至宝捆绑包内含全新模型和基础物品，全新动作，定制蓄力槽和集中火力伤害计数，两个款式的周身清风特效，技能的基础和不朽特效均有变化，风行者以及她击杀敌方英雄的全新死亡特效以及超过500句至宝专属语音台词。 通过集中火力击杀敌人来累积到一定伤害后将解锁额外款式清风回响。前往清风环佩专题页面来了解更多内容。我们在近期注意到很多关于巡回赛现状的不满，我们也同意应该做好更多事情。 我们想利用这篇博文来回顾下之前发生的事情，我们当时的想法以及我们之后的计划。Covid-19全球疫情明朗化以后，我们曾发布了一篇博文，推迟国际邀请赛并开始挑选多个备选日期在全球多个国家预订场馆。 接着我们开始研究在不同的疫情环境下如何让国际邀请赛落地，希望国际邀请赛能尽快举办。 由于春季巡回赛赛事都无法举办，我们开始联系各个赛事主办方，想听听他们未来的计划。 其中部分主办方想利用三月到夏末这段空档期举办第三方赛事。到了夏季中期，各地疫情的形势依然不容乐观，我们非常担心对未来的巡回赛赛事和国际邀请赛造成巨大的冲击。 疫情遍布全世界意味着在一段时间内无法进行跨地区比赛，而我们看到全球其他比赛中某些国家的队伍由于出行限制和困难在获得参赛资格后却无法参赛。 我们已经设想过巡回赛赛事中可能会没有现场观众，但我们想至少能让所有队伍在跨地区大赛中全数集合。 我们觉得这是我们在为国际邀请赛分配巡回赛积分时非常重要的因素。 同时，我们也不确定国际邀请赛何时可以举办，而且鉴于我们需要相当长的准备期，疫情的蔓延使我们很难确定一个有把握的举办时间。 如果巡回赛赛事无法举办，或者无法连续举办，那样与国际邀请赛的维系实在太小，这对我们来说非常不利。 而且这样做还会需要一个巡回赛积分衰减系统，尽管这个系统本身不坏，但由于形势的变化导致赛季中期被迫突然加入衰减系统，这会产生额外的坏处。 况且我们也从不少主办方那听到他们对直播质量下降的担忧，或者是他们不愿在秋季举办巡回赛赛事。 尽管跨地区比赛或是和国际邀请赛的关联程度并非绝对的要求，但是我们觉得巡回赛是国际邀请赛的一个功能，也是面向粉丝的连贯产品，所以目前还是推迟较为稳妥。 考虑到这一点，我们的打算是空出接下来的几个月，让其他联赛赛事可以举办。 我们在过去一直是想让第三方赛事能存在于国际邀请赛之外（不过由于粉丝和选手不断要求增加更多在TI架构内的巡回赛，支持的力度也不断变化）。 我们希望巡回赛和国际邀请赛这两者通过这样能达到更为一致的关系，同时让第三方赛事也能具有一定影响力，总体上到了秋季粉丝们还是能看到有趣的赛事内容。在我们宣布不会依照计划立刻开始推进巡回赛后没多久，我们就收到很多来自粉丝的负面反馈。 我们认为其中很多观点都是合理的批评，特别是因为我们没有对外交流过我们的打算和他们对未来的预期。在马上到来的赛季，欧洲/独联体至少会有四个第三方赛事，中国会有三个，而其他有不少还在筹划初期，此时无法公开。 但由于目前的情势，依然无法覆盖到全球很多战队、解说、主办方和粉丝，而没有好好推动这些赛事，给予足够的支持都是我们的过错。认识到这一点后，我们已经开始联系更多的赛事主办方，为他们提供各种帮助和财务上的支持，希望能在今年剩下的时间里尽量覆盖到全球玩家。 我们预计这些赛事在准备就绪后会逐一对粉丝和战队进行宣布。我们从选手和粉丝们收到的另一个反馈是想更清楚地了解我们对巡回赛和国际邀请赛举办时间的想法。 我们目前是预期在2021年第1个月或者前两个月重启巡回赛。 我们希望在第一个巡回赛联赛结束时，不会突然出现出行限制，也不会出现管制情况，这样跨地区赛事的甲级联赛得以举办。 另外，我们也围绕着国际邀请赛依然能于2021年8月在斯德哥尔摩举办的设想继续运作。 虽然我们也有其他国家作为备选，但我们明白，如果换到其他地方并不能提早太多的时间，那只会让粉丝们失望。我们也听取了大家对于DotaTV直播权的反馈和担忧。 这在过去我们已经公开讨论过一次，而我们收集到更多数据之后，我们的观点已有所改变。 我们还是认为，社区主播奉献他们对赛事的解说对粉丝和职业比赛都具有正向的净价值。 我们也认为在长期内，赛事也会通过社区主播的粉丝得到更多曝光，从而受益。 但是，这的确会使赛事主办方蒙受短期的损失，营利上有所下降。 从9月15日起，Dota许可证将会更新如下：举办Dota 2联赛的主办方将提供给社区主播一套合理且简单的非营利性需求，例如在直播流中展示主办方赞助商，或为解说比赛设置延迟。 社区主播将可以在他们的直播中使用DotaTV的画面，只要他们同意提出的要求。 我们认为这能让社区主播在解说时更加明确，也更加有把握，不会产生很多混乱问题，同时也能保护赛事主办方的部分核心利益。 为了避免在最后一刻可能出现问题，我们想建议主播在直播赛事前先联系主办方，确保自己能满足提出的所有要求。 赛事主办方和有关方面若有任何疑问，请随时联系我们[email protected]。来自玩具箱的深处，骇人的玩物加入了战场。 所有勇士令状达到255级的玩家都可以领取全新的帕吉身心——玩具屠夫，具有全新模型，动作和配音演绎。玩具箱的绒毛玩具居民中最令人惧怕的，就是笼罩着箱中角落和阴影的玩具屠夫。他总是在寻找他的下一场杀戮。 每一个玩具都知道，一旦被屠夫的钩子碰到，填料和生命就会被没收，剩下的散落一地，而毛绒怪物会开心地迈过破烂的残骸。领取勇士令状内的全新身心时也别落下国际邀请赛之声播音包，播音包已对所有勇士令状达到75级的玩家开放，助你通报下一场胜利。The Fall Season is upon us and we’re excited to announce updates to Dota Plus and Guilds. The Season begins today and it will run through the beginning of December, 2020.Autumnal Treasure 2020Dota Plus members can now purchase a new treasure with shards. This treasure features 12 community-created sets for Nyx Assassin, Leshrac, Medusa, Vengeful Spirit, Weaver, Clockwerk, Faceless Void, Doom, Sven, Axe, Crystal Maiden, and Tusk. It also includes the re-introduction of Ethereal and Prismatic gems, with the very rare Blazing Hatchling courier coming pre-equipped with a random one of each. Our plan right now is to have a new seasonal treasure available for purchase with shards every 3 months. The next treasure will be available on Dec 1st, and then again every 3 months after that. This will also align with seasonal quests and seasonal terrains. Updates to Dota PlusIn addition to the existing ways to earn shards, Dota Plus members can also earn up to 57,850 shards from a new season of quests for Fall 2020. These extra shards will give the currency you need to take advantage of the Seasonal Treasure. Dota Plus members can now use the new Role Assistant hero grid arrangement. As the Dota community finds new and different ways for heroes to be played, the new Role Assistant automatically records the picks of every hero in Ranked Roles matchmaking and displays heroes in their most picked roles. This data is updated automatically to highlight the latest trends and is filterable by MMR rank.Several features from the Battle Pass have also moved into Dota Plus:We’ve also bumped up the number of players allowed to be on the Avoid Players list from 16 to 25.Shards for EveryoneWe want all players to enjoy earning and spending Shards, so we have changed the currency to be available to all players rather than being Dota Plus exclusive.While the most effective way to earn shards is to have Dota Plus, we’ve enabled the following subset of features to be available for all players:Guild UpdatesWe reintroduced Guilds during the Battle Pass, and we were happy to see how many players participated in Guilds and shared their feedback with us. We are keeping the existing Guilds, but many of the rewards received only worked in the context of the Battle Pass. We’ve redesigned those features so that you can enjoy playing with your guild all the time.Guilds no longer have a Guild Level – instead there is now a weekly leaderboard of guild points earned in a given region. Once a week, guild members will receive their new guild rank and can claim a reward of shards; Dota Plus members earn double the amount of shards. A Guild’s weekly leaderboard position also determines access to special perks that may change over time. The current set of perks is:At the end of the week, all existing guild points will decay by a percentage. This is so that new guilds have a chance to catch up to existing guilds; however, they’ll naturally have to work hard to catch up to the leaders! We want this feature to reward active and engaged guilds working together week-by-week to gain points – so with that in mind we’ll be monitoring and adjusting the weekly decay to achieve that goal. Guild contracts now earn both guild points and shards. All players have access to one contract slot per day, and Dota Plus members have access to a second slot. Guild challenges are still completed in parties of 3+ guild members, and they earn guild points for leaderboard position. Playing a match while in a guild earns guild points, with bonuses for being in parties with your guildmates.All players can participate in a guild, but only Dota Plus members can create them.Ranked SeasonIn the past we’ve seen a bunch of negative aspects to forcing everyone to reset their MMR at the same time. That has been part of our reluctance to continue with resetting every 6 months. However after we’ve expressed this reluctance recently, we’ve gotten a lot of feedback about how valuable they felt this functionality was to them, along with various suggestions to handling this topic.For this season, we are going to try a new approach to MMR resets. We are making the MMR reset optional, and for those who want to participate, we instead spread it out so it doesn’t create too much volatility at the same time (ontop of the volatility that already exists when you enter calibration). We hope this will remove most of the downsides of MMR resets, and let the people that really want to do it be able to do so in a little bit more of a stable environment.Upon logging in, you can go to Settings, and under the Account tab there is a new MMR Recalibration section. To prevent everyone from recalibrating at once, start-times will be spaced out evenly between October 22, 2020 and November 22, 2020 and can be activated anytime until the Season is over. Feel free to press the button the moment it’s available to you, never press it, or warm back up to competitive play before activating it.CommunicationThe community has been wanting us to talk a bit more about things we are working on. There are a variety of reasons we don’t tend to get into those things until something is ready to release, because sometimes plans change, or an idea doesn’t develop into something solid, etc. Sometimes we also aren’t sure about dates yet, and don’t want to set up false expectations for either the scope for an update or to create disappointment if estimations are wrong.That being said, we recognize that sometimes we need to balance that approach with the desire for some information to the community. So we’ll share more information on a few topics below.First is with regards to new heroes. We know the community tends to expect new heroes in the fall each year (usually released around November sometime). We are currently aiming for end of November for a new hero release, followed by more that are spread throughout next year with the next one in the first quarter next year. Recently we’ve been thinking about trying an overall development approach of spreading out updates during the year, rather than only having most content and updates centered around The International. We are hoping a steady state of content will prove to be more engaging to users than the previous approaches.Another area we’ve been doing work on recently is player behavior and toxicity. Some of that has been work we’ve been doing recently in public without patch notes, while some is upcoming stuff that is still in development. We’ve made improvements to our smurf detection systems, and as a result we’ve started separating new accounts from entering the pool of normal and new players. Smurf accounts are now much more likely to play with other smurfs only, this includes parties where only one player is a smurf. They are also likely to inherit any negative behavior scores of their alternate accounts, to limit their negative impact when playing. We’ve also done a few more improvements on making new accounts converge to their correct MMR faster, however there is still more to be done on that front. We have a couple of approaches to solve that which we are working on but they are in the research/experimental stage at this point.We’ve also been ramping up our banning of booster accounts, as we’ve improved detections systems in recent months and gained more confidence in the ability to ban for it. In the past 30 days we’ve banned over 14000 accounts, and have set up systems to continually ban for boosting moving forward. This is an area however that needs constant work and improvements to not stagnate, and some of this will benefit from more advanced detection methods that are also in early research/experimental stages.In terms of toxicity and game ruining behaviors from players, we are working on a new Overwatch style system, similar in some ways to that of CS:GO. We aren’t ready to share more information about this yet, but we will as soon as we are able. We are hoping to get this in the game as soon as possible.Lastly, we’ve done some engine development that results in moderate performance improvements on multi-core CPU’s and will be bringing those to Dota. There’s still a bit of testing to do as it may result in some bugs, but we are aiming towards the next week or so for it. As you can expect, given the code changes required, the release could be a little bit spooky.A temporada de Outono chegou e estamos animados em anunciar atualizações para o Dota + e clãs. A temporada começa hoje e vai até o início de dezembro de 2020.Tesouro Outonal de 2020Agora, assinantes do Dota + podem usar os seus fragmentos para comprar um novo tesouro. Este tesouro inclui 12 conjuntos criados pela comunidade para os seguintes heróis: Nyx Assassin, Leshrac, Medusa, Vengeful Spirit, Weaver, Clockwerk, Faceless Void, Doom, Sven, Axe, Crystal Maiden e Tusk. Além disso, o tesouro também traz de volta as gemas Etéreas e Prismáticas, com uma de cada pré-equipada aleatoriamente no entregador muito raro “Filhote Ardente”. O nosso plano é disponibilizar um novo tesouro sazonal para compra com fragmentos a cada três meses. O próximo tesouro ficará disponível no dia 1º de dezembro, e assim sucessivamente a cada três meses. Esse também será o mesmo período para novos terrenos e missões sazonais. Atualizações para o Dota +Além das formas atuais para obtenção de fragmentos, assinantes do Dota + também podem obter até 57.850 fragmentos com a nova temporada de missões do Outono de 2020. Estes fragmentos adicionais farão a diferença para aproveitar o tesouro sazonal. Agora, assinantes do Dota + podem usar a nova grade de heróis do assistente de funções. Conforme a comunidade do Dota encontra maneiras novas e diferentes de jogar com os heróis, o novo assistente de funções registra automaticamente as seleções de todos os heróis na criação de partidas competitivas baseadas em funções e os exibe nas funções mais escolhidas. Tais dados são atualizados automaticamente para destacar as últimas tendências e podem ser filtrados pela classificação MMR.Além disso, diversos recursos do passe de batalha foram movidos para o Dota +:Também aumentamos de 16 para 25 a quantidade máxima de jogadores que podem ser adicionados à sua lista de jogadores a serem evitados.Fragmentos para todo mundoGostaríamos que todos tivessem a oportunidade de obter e gastar fragmentos, então fizemos uma alteração para que este recurso fique disponível para todos os jogadores, em vez de ser algo exclusivo do Dota +. Embora a maneira mais eficiente de obter fragmentos seja através do Dota +, liberamos o seguinte conjunto de recursos para todos os jogadores:Atualização para os clãsReintroduzimos os clãs durante o passe de batalha, e ficamos felizes em ver quantos jogadores participaram desses grupos e compartilharam as suas opiniões conosco. Estamos mantendo os clãs atuais, mas diversas recompensas só funcionavam no contexto do passe de batalha. Reformulamos tais recursos para que você possa continuar se divertindo com o seu clã, o tempo inteiro.Agora, clãs não possuem mais níveis numéricos — em vez disso, criamos uma classificação semanal com os pontos de clã obtidos na respectiva região. Uma vez por semana, membros do clã receberão uma nova classificação de clã e poderão resgatar fragmentos; assinantes do Dota + recebem o dobro dessa quantia. A colocação semanal de um clã nas classificações também dá acesso a novas vantagens, que podem mudar ao longo do tempo. Atualmente, estas são as vantagens:Ao fim da semana, todos os pontos de clã serão reduzidos em uma porcentagem. Desta forma, novos clãs terão a chance de alcançar clãs veteranos; entretanto, terão que trabalhar duro para chegar no topo! Queremos que este recurso recompense clãs ativos e engajados, trabalhando em conjunto semana a semana para obter pontos — com isso em mente, monitoraremos e ajustaremos o decaimento semanal para atender a esse objetivo. Agora, contratos de clãs fornecem pontos de clã e fragmentos. Todos os jogadores têm acesso a um espaço de contrato por dia, e assinantes do Dota + têm acesso a um segundo espaço. Desafios de clã ainda podem ser cumpridos em grupos de três ou mais membros do clã, concedendo pontos para a colocação nas classificações. Disputar partidas fornece pontos de clã enquanto membro de um, ganhando pontos adicionais ao se juntar com outros membros do clã.Todos os jogadores podem participar de clãs, mas somente assinantes do Dota + podem criá-los.Temporada competitivaNo passado, vimos diversos aspectos negativos relacionados a forçar a redefinição de MMR de todos os jogadores ao mesmo tempo. Isso tem sido parte da nossa relutância em continuar com este processo a cada seis meses. No entanto, após expressarmos esse sentimento recentemente, recebemos muitos comentários sobre como as pessoas consideram essa funcionalidade importante, além de várias sugestões sobre como podemos trabalhar nisso.Desta forma, experimentaremos uma nova forma de resetar MMRs. Estamos tornando a redefinição de MMR opcional, e para quem quiser participar, espalharemos as datas para não criar muita volatilidade de uma vez só (além da volatilidade já existente ao iniciar a calibração). Esperamos que isso remova boa parte do lado negativo da redefinição de MMR, além de propiciar um ambiente um pouco mais estável para aqueles que desejarem passar pelo processo.Ao iniciar a sua sessão, você pode acessar as Configurações, onde colocamos uma nova seção de Recalibração de MMR na aba “Conta”. Para impedir que todos recalibrem de uma só vez, as datas de início serão espaçadas entre 22 de outubro e 22 de novembro de 2020, podendo ser ativada a qualquer momento até o término da temporada. Quando o botão estiver disponível para você, fique à vontade para apertá-lo, nunca apertá-lo ou treinar no modo competitivo antes de ativá-lo.ComunicaçãoA comunidade tem solicitado uma comunicação mais aberta sobre as coisas nas quais estamos trabalhando. Há diversos motivos que nos fazem evitar expor tais coisas até que tenhamos algo pronto para ser lançado, pois algumas vezes há mudanças de planos, uma ideia não chega a um produto final, entre outros. Às vezes, também não temos certeza em relação a datas, não queremos criar falsas expectativas sobre o escopo de uma atualização ou desapontar a comunidade com estimativas erradas.Com isso dito, reconhecemos que às vezes precisamos balancear esse pensamento com o anseio da comunidade por informações. Portanto, compartilharemos informações sobre alguns tópicos abaixo.Comecemos pelos novos heróis. Sabemos que a comunidade costuma esperar novos heróis nesse período todos os anos (geralmente por volta de novembro). Estamos planejando lançar um novo herói no fim de novembro, seguido de outros espalhados ao longo do próximo ano (com o próximo sendo lançado no primeiro trimestre de 2021). Recentemente, pensamos em tentar uma nova abordagem de desenvolvimento distribuindo atualizações ao longo do ano, em vez de centralizarmos a maioria do conteúdo e atualizações em torno do International. Imaginamos que atualizações mais bem distribuídas sejam mais atrativas para os usuários do que as iterações anteriores.Outra área na qual trabalhamos recentemente é o comportamento de jogadores e toxicidade. Já fizemos alguns ajustes na versão atual do jogo sem descrevê-los em atualizações, mas ainda há outras coisas em desenvolvimento. Aprimoramos os sistemas de detecção de smurfs (jogadores experientes usando contas de nível inferior) e como resultado começamos a impedir que novas contas possam ser pareadas com jogadores normais e novatos. Agora, contas de smurfs têm uma chance muito maior de jogar somente com outros smurfs, incluindo grupos onde apenas um jogador é smurf. Eles também têm grandes chances de herdar pontuações comportamentais negativas das suas contas alternativas, limitando o impacto negativo dentro do jogo. Também fizemos mais alguns ajustes para que novas contas atinjam o seu MMR correto mais rapidamente, embora ainda haja mais a ser feito nesse quesito. Temos algumas abordagens para lidar com isso e já estamos trabalhando, mas no momento ainda estão na fase de pesquisa/experimentação.Também estivemos banindo mais contas “boostadas” (quando outra pessoa sobe o nível da conta através de transferências), conforme aprimoramos os sistemas de detecção nos últimos meses e ganhamos mais confiança para emitir esses banimentos. Nos últimos 30 dias, banimos mais de 14.000 contatos, e configuramos os sistemas para continuar banindo contas boostadas daqui em diante. Mas esta área requer monitoramentos e ajustes constantes para não estagnar, e métodos de detecção mais avançados, que também estão nas fases iniciais de pesquisa/experimentação, podem trazer benefícios.Falando de toxicidade e comportamentos disruptivos por parte de jogadores, estamos trabalhando em um sistema de certa forma similar à Fiscalização do CS:GO. Não estamos prontos para compartilhar mais informações a respeito disso no momento, mas o faremos assim que pudermos. Esperamos lançar isso no jogo o mais rápido possível.Por fim, fizemos melhorias na nossa engine que resultaram em pequenos aprimoramentos de desempenho em CPUs multinúcleo, e traremos isso ao Dota. Ainda há alguns testes a serem feitos, pois há a chance de aparecem alguns problemas, mas esperamos lançar por volta da próxima semana. Como já era de se esperar, devido às alterações no código, o lançamento pode ser um pouco assustador.Hoje marca o fim da temporada do passe de batalha do International 10. Agradecemos a todos que participaram e, embora este ano não tenhamos terminado com uma equipe erguendo a Égide, todos nós da Valve esperamos que vocês e as suas famílias se mantenham saudáveis — e aguardamos ansiosamente para nos reunirmos no TI10.Com o término da temporada, temos a honra de anunciar o resultado da Votação Arcana de 2020. Neste ano, a comunidade dividiu milhões de votos entre dois dos heróis mais roxos do Dota 2, Faceless Void e Spectre, e com um resultado final de 27.475.258 votos contra 24.948.538, Spectre venceu o Arcano deste ano. A equipe começará a formular um Arcano digno de Mercurial, a Spectre, canalizando a sua energia sombria em formas outrora inimagináveis. Como ela assombrará as suas vítimas? Como a sua dispersão arrasará os seus inimigos? Quando guiada pela sua Adaga Espectral, com que cor mortal ela brilhará? Sim, roxo, é claro, mas qual TOM de roxo? Aguardem, amantes de lavanda, degustadores de uva e votantes violetas. Em breve, todas essas questões serão respondidas (ou algumas).Além disso, lançaremos algumas novas atualizações para o Dota + na próxima semana, incluindo atualizações para clãs, uma nova temporada do Dota + e um novo mecanismo de redefinição de MMR. O Tesouro Imortal III já está disponível e inclui itens inéditos para Pugna, Clockwerk, Oracle, Treant Protector, Gyrocopter e Lich.Além destes itens, a cada tesouro que abrir, você terá mais chances de receber 50 níveis de batalha como uma recompensa rara, uma versão dourada muito rara do item de Pugna e ainda a chance ultrarrara de receber um par de asas para o Phoenix. Como sempre, há a chance cosmicamente rara de encontrar um Emblema da Divindade.O passe de batalha será estendido por mais três semanas, até o dia 9 de outubro, quando o herói vencedor da Votação Arcana também será revelado (fica a dica: é um carregador roxo de ataque corpo a corpo que pode percorrer distâncias com facilidade). Durante este período final, cada portador do passe de batalha pode comprar até dois pacotes de 60 níveis com 30% de desconto.Acesse a página do passe de batalha e veja uma prévia dos novos itens e efeitos personalizados contidos no tesouro.Recebemos diversas reclamações recentemente sobre o estado do CPD e concordamos que precisamos fazer mais. Gostaríamos de usar este blog para mostrar o que aconteceu no passado, quais eram as nossas ideias e o que faremos daqui para frente.Assim que a extensão da pandemia da COVID-19 ficou clara, compartilhamos os nossos planos para adiar o International e começamos a pré-reservar arenas para várias datas e países alternativos ao redor do mundo. Em seguida, começamos a pesquisar como executar o International com base nos diferentes cenários que poderiam se desenrolar na pandemia, na esperança de podermos realizá-lo o mais cedo possível. Como os eventos do CPD de outono já não podiam mais ocorrer, começamos a entrar em contato com os organizadores para ver o que eles pretendiam fazer no futuro. Alguns desses organizadores demonstraram interesse em realizar eventos terceirizados para cobrir o período de março até o final do inverno.Conforme nos aproximamos do meio do inverno, a volatilidade da pandemia aumentou de forma significativa e nos deixou muito preocupados com o impacto que poderia causar em eventos futuros do CPD e mesmo no International. A situação global indicava que participações internacionais seriam difíceis nesse primeiro momento, e desde então pudemos acompanhar cenários de outras competições ao redor do mundo onde equipes de certos países acabaram sendo excluídas após a classificação devido a restrições de viagens e outras complicações abruptas. Embora já presumíssemos que a presença de plateia nos eventos do CPD estaria fora de questão, queríamos ao menos ter a confiança de que poderíamos trazer todas as equipes para uma competição internacional. Acreditamos que esse era um fator crucial a respeito de como alocar os pontos do CPD para o International. Também estávamos incertos sobre quando o próprio International ocorreria, e devido ao grande tempo de antecedência necessário, os números crescentes de casos de COVID-19 dificultaram planejar qualquer período com confiança. O potencial que isso teria de desviar a temporada do CPD e a sua narrativa do caminho em direção ao International era algo negativo para nós. Caso fizéssemos isso, o CPD precisaria passar por uma redução de pontos, o que não é necessariamente algo ruim, mas interferir abruptamente nos pontos no meio da temporada para se ajustar a mudanças de cenário traria mais desvantagens. Além disso, alguns organizadores também entraram em contato conosco expressando preocupação sobre uma possível redução de qualidade nas suas transmissões ou mesmo relutantes quanto à realização de eventos durante esse período. Embora nem as competições entre regiões nem a distância relativa para o International sejam requisitos absolutos, sentimos que o melhor para o CPD — tanto como uma parte do International e também como um produto coeso para os fãs — seria a sua pausa temporária. Disto isso, o nosso plano é deixar os próximos meses abertos para que outras ligas e eventos ocorram. Historicamente, a nossa abordagem tem sido a de querer que torneios de terceiros possam existir fora do International (embora isso tenha fluído ao longo dos anos, conforme o aumento da demanda de fãs e jogadores por circuitos mais estruturados levando ao TI). A nossa esperança era alcançar uma relação melhor e mais coerente entre o CPD e o TI com esta abordagem, ainda permitindo que eventos de terceiros causassem um impacto. A ideia era que, no fim das contas, os fãs continuassem tendo conteúdo para acompanhar nessa metade do ano.Assim que anunciamos que não continuaríamos imediatamente com o CPD conforme planejado, recebemos muitos comentários negativos da comunidade. Acreditamos que muitos dos pontos levantados eram críticas válidas, principalmente por não termos comunicado quais eram as nossas intenções nem o que poderiam esperar para o futuro.Nesta próxima temporada competitiva, ocorrerão pelo menos quatro eventos e ligas de terceiros na Europa/CEI, três na China e alguns outros que ainda estão na fase de planejamento inicial e não podem ser contabilizados no momento. Entretanto, ainda haverá muitas equipes, narradores, organizadores e fãs ao redor do mundo que não serão substancialmente contemplados com essa trajetória — e isso é culpa nossa, por não ter dado o devido cuidado e atenção.Com isso em mente, começamos a entrar em contato com vários outros organizadores de torneios, oferecendo ajuda e auxílio financeiro para poder criar uma maior cobertura global pelo resto do ano. Esperamos que esses eventos sejam anunciados gradualmente ao longo da temporada, assim que estiverem prontos para serem divulgados para os fãs e equipes.Outro comentário que recebemos de jogadores e fãs foi a falta de uma data provável para o retorno do CPD e do TI. A nossa perspectiva no momento é de um retorno do CPD no primeiro ou segundo mês de 2021. Esperamos que, quando as primeiras ligas do CPD forem concluídas, as restrições de viagem estejam mais previsíveis e que novas restrições sejam improváveis, permitindo que Majors com participantes de diversas regiões ocorram. Também estamos trabalhando com a suposição de que a data mais provável para o International seja agosto de 2021, em Estocolmo. Embora tenhamos outros países como plano B, sabemos que os fãs ficariam chateados se movêssemos para outra localização sem ter grandes ganhos de logística.Também ouvimos os seus questionamentos e preocupações sobre os direitos de transmissão da Dota TV. Este foi um tópico que discutimos abertamente no passado e, à medida que coletamos mais dados, nossos pensamentos mudaram um pouco. Nós ainda acreditamos que os streamers da comunidade, fornecendo seus próprios comentários sobre um torneio, adicionam um valor positivo para os fãs e para o cenário competitivo. Também acreditamos que, a longo prazo, os próprios torneios se beneficiam da exposição adicional aos fãs dos streamers da comunidade. No entanto, é verdade que isso pode causar uma perda de receita em curto prazo, bem como uma redução na habilidade dos organizadores do torneio de monetizar de forma eficaz. A partir de 15 de setembro, a licença do DotaTV será atualizada para refletir o seguinte: organizadores de torneios de Dota 2 terão que fornecer aos streamers da comunidade um conjunto de requisitos não monetários que seja razoável e simples de executar, como exibir os patrocinadores dos organizadores em suas transmissões ou ter um pequeno atraso nos jogos. Os streamers da comunidade poderão usar o feed da DotaTV em sua transmissão, desde que concordem com esses requisitos. Acreditamos que isso proporcionará mais certeza e confiança aos streamers da comunidade para poderem transmitir sem muita turbulência, ao mesmo tempo em que protegemos alguns interesses importantes dos organizadores dos torneios. Para evitar possíveis problemas de última hora, aconselhamos aos que desejarem transmitir um torneio que coordenem com antecedência com o organizador, para garantir que eles sejam capazes de cumprir os requisitos apresentados. Aos organizadores de torneios e outros envolvidos que tenham dúvidas, entrem em contato conosco em [email protected]Nem mesmo Lyralei compreendia a profundidade da sua ligação com o vento guardião. Sem saber nada sobre os seus antepassados nem ter lembranças dos seus primeiros dias de vida, ela buscava a verdade no sussurro das árvores ensolaradas que a cercavam ou nos uivos de tempestades que escureciam a própria luz solar. Porém, conforme ela crescia e a sua estranha conexão com o vento guardião se fortalecia ainda mais, uma inquietação a respeito das suas origens começou a dominá-la. Liberte o poder dos ventos com o novo pacote Arcano “Bússola da Ventania Crescente”, já disponível no passe de batalha do International 10.Este pacote Arcano inclui um novo modelo e itens base, novas animações, uma barra de canalização e um contador de dano personalizados para os Disparos Concentrados, efeitos ambientes para ambos os estilos de ventos, adições aos efeitos base e de Imortais para as suas habilidades, novos efeitos de morte para a Windranger e heróis inimigos derrotados e mais de 500 falas exclusivas. Acumule dano causado aos seus alvos usando Disparos Concentrados e destrave o estilo alternativo “Reflexões da Ventania”.Acesse a página da Bússola da Ventania Crescente para saber mais.Desenterrado das profundezas da caixa de brinquedos, um brinquedo assustador se junta à batalha. Já disponível para todos os portadores do passe de batalha que alcançarem o nível 255, a nova persona para Pudge apresenta um novo modelo, novas animações e uma nova dublagem.Temido entre as dezenas de habitantes das caixas de brinquedos, o Açougueiro de Pelúcia fica à espreita pelos cantos e pelas sombras, sempre à espera da próxima vítima. Os brinquedos sabem que, quando enganchados pelo açougueiro, é fim de papo. Eles ficam despedaçados, com pelúcia espalhada por todos os lados, enquanto o monstro fofinho se afasta dos seus farrapos mortais.Obtenha já a nova persona no seu passe de batalha e não se esqueça de pegar também o pacote de locutor “Voz do International” para anunciar a sua próxima vitória, disponível para todos os portadores do passe de batalha a partir do nível 75.Don't have a Steam account?  You can create an account for free.The Fall Season is upon us and we’re excited to announce updates to Dota Plus and Guilds. The Season begins today and it will run through the beginning of December, 2020.Autumnal Treasure 2020Dota Plus members can now purchase a new treasure with shards. This treasure features 12 community-created sets for Nyx Assassin, Leshrac, Medusa, Vengeful Spirit, Weaver, Clockwerk, Faceless Void, Doom, Sven, Axe, Crystal Maiden, and Tusk. It also includes the re-introduction of Ethereal and Prismatic gems, with the very rare Blazing Hatchling courier coming pre-equipped with a random one of each. Our plan right now is to have a new seasonal treasure available for purchase with shards every 3 months. The next treasure will be available on Dec 1st, and then again every 3 months after that. This will also align with seasonal quests and seasonal terrains. Updates to Dota PlusIn addition to the existing ways to earn shards, Dota Plus members can also earn up to 57,850 shards from a new season of quests for Fall 2020. These extra shards will give the currency you need to take advantage of the Seasonal Treasure. Dota Plus members can now use the new Role Assistant hero grid arrangement. As the Dota community finds new and different ways for heroes to be played, the new Role Assistant automatically records the picks of every hero in Ranked Roles matchmaking and displays heroes in their most picked roles. This data is updated automatically to highlight the latest trends and is filterable by MMR rank.Several features from the Battle Pass have also moved into Dota Plus:We’ve also bumped up the number of players allowed to be on the Avoid Players list from 16 to 25.Shards for EveryoneWe want all players to enjoy earning and spending Shards, so we have changed the currency to be available to all players rather than being Dota Plus exclusive.While the most effective way to earn shards is to have Dota Plus, we’ve enabled the following subset of features to be available for all players:Guild UpdatesWe reintroduced Guilds during the Battle Pass, and we were happy to see how many players participated in Guilds and shared their feedback with us. We are keeping the existing Guilds, but many of the rewards received only worked in the context of the Battle Pass. We’ve redesigned those features so that you can enjoy playing with your guild all the time.Guilds no longer have a Guild Level – instead there is now a weekly leaderboard of guild points earned in a given region. Once a week, guild members will receive their new guild rank and can claim a reward of shards; Dota Plus members earn double the amount of shards. A Guild’s weekly leaderboard position also determines access to special perks that may change over time. The current set of perks is:At the end of the week, all existing guild points will decay by a percentage. This is so that new guilds have a chance to catch up to existing guilds; however, they’ll naturally have to work hard to catch up to the leaders! We want this feature to reward active and engaged guilds working together week-by-week to gain points – so with that in mind we’ll be monitoring and adjusting the weekly decay to achieve that goal. Guild contracts now earn both guild points and shards. All players have access to one contract slot per day, and Dota Plus members have access to a second slot. Guild challenges are still completed in parties of 3+ guild members, and they earn guild points for leaderboard position. Playing a match while in a guild earns guild points, with bonuses for being in parties with your guildmates.All players can participate in a guild, but only Dota Plus members can create them.Ranked SeasonIn the past we’ve seen a bunch of negative aspects to forcing everyone to reset their MMR at the same time. That has been part of our reluctance to continue with resetting every 6 months. However after we’ve expressed this reluctance recently, we’ve gotten a lot of feedback about how valuable they felt this functionality was to them, along with various suggestions to handling this topic.For this season, we are going to try a new approach to MMR resets. We are making the MMR reset optional, and for those who want to participate, we instead spread it out so it doesn’t create too much volatility at the same time (ontop of the volatility that already exists when you enter calibration). We hope this will remove most of the downsides of MMR resets, and let the people that really want to do it be able to do so in a little bit more of a stable environment.Upon logging in, you can go to Settings, and under the Account tab there is a new MMR Recalibration section. To prevent everyone from recalibrating at once, start-times will be spaced out evenly between October 22, 2020 and November 22, 2020 and can be activated anytime until the Season is over. Feel free to press the button the moment it’s available to you, never press it, or warm back up to competitive play before activating it.CommunicationThe community has been wanting us to talk a bit more about things we are working on. There are a variety of reasons we don’t tend to get into those things until something is ready to release, because sometimes plans change, or an idea doesn’t develop into something solid, etc. Sometimes we also aren’t sure about dates yet, and don’t want to set up false expectations for either the scope for an update or to create disappointment if estimations are wrong.That being said, we recognize that sometimes we need to balance that approach with the desire for some information to the community. So we’ll share more information on a few topics below.First is with regards to new heroes. We know the community tends to expect new heroes in the fall each year (usually released around November sometime). We are currently aiming for end of November for a new hero release, followed by more that are spread throughout next year with the next one in the first quarter next year. Recently we’ve been thinking about trying an overall development approach of spreading out updates during the year, rather than only having most content and updates centered around The International. We are hoping a steady state of content will prove to be more engaging to users than the previous approaches.Another area we’ve been doing work on recently is player behavior and toxicity. Some of that has been work we’ve been doing recently in public without patch notes, while some is upcoming stuff that is still in development. We’ve made improvements to our smurf detection systems, and as a result we’ve started separating new accounts from entering the pool of normal and new players. Smurf accounts are now much more likely to play with other smurfs only, this includes parties where only one player is a smurf. They are also likely to inherit any negative behavior scores of their alternate accounts, to limit their negative impact when playing. We’ve also done a few more improvements on making new accounts converge to their correct MMR faster, however there is still more to be done on that front. We have a couple of approaches to solve that which we are working on but they are in the research/experimental stage at this point.We’ve also been ramping up our banning of booster accounts, as we’ve improved detections systems in recent months and gained more confidence in the ability to ban for it. In the past 30 days we’ve banned over 14000 accounts, and have set up systems to continually ban for boosting moving forward. This is an area however that needs constant work and improvements to not stagnate, and some of this will benefit from more advanced detection methods that are also in early research/experimental stages.In terms of toxicity and game ruining behaviors from players, we are working on a new Overwatch style system, similar in some ways to that of CS:GO. We aren’t ready to share more information about this yet, but we will as soon as we are able. We are hoping to get this in the game as soon as possible.Lastly, we’ve done some engine development that results in moderate performance improvements on multi-core CPU’s and will be bringing those to Dota. There’s still a bit of testing to do as it may result in some bugs, but we are aiming towards the next week or so for it. As you can expect, given the code changes required, the release could be a little bit spooky.Today marks the end of The International 10 Battle Pass season. Thank you to everyone who participated and while this year didn’t end with a team hoisting the Aegis, all of us at Valve hope that you and your families remain healthy and we look forward to gathering everyone together for TI10.With the close of the season, we are pleased to announce the results of the 2020 Arcana Vote. This year the community cast millions of votes for two of the purplest heroes in the Dota 2 pool, Faceless Void and Spectre and with a split of 27,475,258 votes to 24,948,538, this year’s Arcana winner is: Spectre. The team will set out to design an Arcana befitting Mercurial, the Spectre, channeling her dark energy into forms heretofore unimagined. How will she haunt her quarry? In what manner can her refraction erode her enemies? When taking aim with her Spectral Dagger, what deadly color will she glow? Yes, purple, obviously, but what SHADE of purple? Sit tight, lavender lovers, plum buffs and violet voters. With time all (or maybe some) of these questions will be answered.Also, next week we’re releasing some new updates to Dota Plus. Among them will be updates to Guilds, a new Dota Plus Season, and a new MMR reset mechanism. Immortal Treasure III is now available, featuring all-new items for Pugna, Clockwerk, Oracle, Treant, Gyrocopter, and Lich.In addition to these items, each of these treasures you open also offers increasing odds of receiving a rare reward of 50 Battle Pass levels, a very rare Golden version of the Pugna item, or the ultra rare Phoenix Wings. As always, there is a cosmically rare chance you’ll discover a Divine Emblem.The Battle Pass will be extended for 3 more weeks, until October 9th, with the results of the Arcana vote revealed at that time (hint: it’s a purple melee carry that can cross distances with ease). During this final stretch, each Battle Pass owner can purchase up to two bundles of 60 levels at a 30% discount.Head over to the Battle Pass page for a preview of the new items and custom effects featured in the treasure.Not even Lyralei herself understood the true extent of her connection with the guardian wind. With no knowledge of her forebears, or memory of her first days, she could but listen for the truth in the whispers of sun-dappled trees around her, or the howling storms that keep even daylight at bay. But as she grew, and her strange connection with the guardian wind became ever stronger, an unease about her origins began to take hold. Unleash the power of the wind with the all-new Compass of the Rising Gale Arcana bundle, available now in The International 10 Battle Pass.This Arcana bundle includes a new model and base items, new animations, a custom channel bar and Focus Fire damage counter, ambient wind effects for both styles, additions to base and Immortal effects for her abilities, new death effects for both Windranger and enemy heroes she takes down, and over 500 new Arcana-exclusive voice lines. Rack up damage on targets you kill using Focus Fire to unlock the Reflections of the Gale alternate style.Learn more at the Compass of the Rising Gale update page.We’ve heard a lot of complaints recently about the state of DPC and we agree that there is more that we should do. We wanted to use this blog to walk you through what happened before, what our thoughts were, and what we will do going forward.Once the extent of the Covid-19 pandemic became clear, we posted about our plans to delay The International and started pre-booking arenas for various alternative dates and countries around the world. We then began researching how to execute The International based on how different pandemic scenarios could play out, with the hope that we’d be able to host it as soon as possible. Since the spring DPC events could no longer operate anymore, we started reaching out to the organizers to see what they wanted to do going forward. Some of those organizers shared their desires to run third party events to cover the period from March through the end of the summer.As we approached the middle of the summer, the volatility of the pandemic had grown significantly and we became very concerned about the impact it would have on future DPC events and The International. The global situation meant that cross regional play would be unlikely for a period of time, and we have since seen scenarios globally in other competitions where teams from certain countries had to be excluded after qualifying due to abrupt travel restrictions and complications. While we had already assumed that having a crowd for the DPC events was not in the cards, we wanted to at least have confidence in being able to bring all teams together for cross region competition. We felt that was a very important component of how we allocate DPC points for The International. We were also unsure of when The International itself would happen, and given the significant lead time needed, the increased spread of the virus made it harder to model out a time frame with confidence. The potential for the DPC season and its narrative feeling too detached from the path towards The International was negative for us. Doing that would also necessitate a DPC point decay system, which in and of itself isn’t a bad thing, but having to abruptly introduce decay mid season if the landscape changes has some additional downsides. Furthermore, we had also received some feedback from a couple of organizers that were either worried about the quality of the broadcast being lower or reluctant to want to operate DPC events in the fall altogether. While neither the cross-region competition nor the relative distance to The International are absolute requirements, we felt the DPC as both a function of The International and also as a coherent product for fans would be better served by holding off on them for now. Given that, our plan was that we’d make the upcoming months open and clear for other leagues and events to operate. Our approach historically has been to want third party tournaments to be able to exist outside of The International (though the degree of that has been fluid over the years as demands from fans and players for more structured circuits to lead to TI increased). Our hope was that we could both achieve a better and more coherent relationship between DPC and TI by approaching it this way as well as still allowing for third party events to have an impact, with the overall end result for fans still being that there would be entertaining content to watch in the fall.Soon after we announced that we were not immediately proceeding with DPC as planned, we received a lot of negative feedback from fans. We think that a lot of the points that were raised were reasonable criticisms towards us, especially because we did not communicate what our intentions were, and what they could expect in the future.For this upcoming competitive season, there are going to be at least four third party events and leagues in EU/CIS events, three in China, and a few others that are still in the preliminary planning stages and are not able to commit at this time. However, there are still going to be a lot of teams, casters, organizers and fans around the world that are not going to be meaningfully served based on the current trajectory and that is our fault for not pushing on those and supporting them enough.With that in mind, we’ve started reaching out to many more tournament organizers to offer help and financial support in order to be able to create increased coverage globally for the remainder of the year. We expect that these events will be gradually announced over the remaining season as soon as they are ready to communicate to fans and teams.Another piece of feedback we got from players as well as fans was wanting more clarity in what we were thinking were the likely dates for DPC and TI to resume. Our outlook right now is that we are anticipating the start of DPC to be in the first month or two of 2021. Our hope is that by the time the first DPC league concludes, travel limitations will be more predictable and spontaneous restrictions will be less likely, thus allowing for Majors with cross-region competition to happen. We are also operating under the assumption that the most likely outcome is for The International to happen in Stockholm in August 2021. While we have other countries as backups, we recognize that fans would be upset if we moved it to another location if the time savings weren’t meaningful enough.We’ve also heard your feedback and concerns around Dota TV streaming rights. This has been a topic we’ve discussed openly in the past and, as we gathered more data, our thoughts have evolved slightly. We ultimately still believe that community streamers providing their own commentary of a tournament is a net positive value to fans and the competitive scene. We also believe that in the long term, the tournament themselves benefit from additional exposure to fans of those community streamers. However, it is true that this can cause a short term loss of revenue as well as a reduced ability to monetize more effectively for tournament organizers. Starting September 15, the Dota license will be updated to reflect the following: Organizers that run Dota 2 Tournaments will have to provide community streamers with a reasonable and simple to execute set of non-monetary requirements, such as displaying the organizers sponsors on their streams or having a slight delay on the games. Community streamers will be able to use the DotaTV feed in their broadcast as long as they agree to those requirements. We believe this will provide more certainty and confidence to community streamers to be able to cast without a lot of turmoil, while at the same time protecting some key interests that tournament organizers have. To avoid possible last minute issues, we would advise casters that want to stream a tournament, to coordinate with the organizer in advance to ensure they are able to fulfill the requirements presented. Tournament organizers and relevant parties that have questions, feel free to reach out to us at [email protected]From deep inside the toy box, a frightening plaything joins the fray. Available now to all Battle Pass owners who reach level 255, the new Toy Butcher Persona for Pudge features an all-new model, animations, and voice performance.Feared amongst the fluff-stuffed denizens of the toy box, The Toy Butcher stalks the corners and shadows of the bin, always on the hunt for his next kill. Every toy knows that once the butcher gets his hook in you, your stuffing and your life are forfeit – like as not to be left strewn about the lanes as the plushy monster jaunts happily away from your lonely, ragged remains. Claim the new persona now in your Battle Pass and don’t forget to pick up the Voice of The International Announcer Pack on your way, available to all Battle Pass Owners at level 75 and above, to herald your next victory.가을 시즌의 시작과 함께 찾아온 도타 플러스와 길드 업데이트 사항을 알려드리겠습니다. 새로운 시즌은 오늘부터 시작되어 2020년 12월 초까지 진행될 예정입니다.2020 가을 보물도타 플러스 회원은 지금 바로 파편으로 새로운 보물을 구매하실 수 있습니다. 해당 보물에는 닉스 암살자, 레슈락, 메두사, 복수 혼령, 길쌈꾼, 태엽장이, 얼굴없는 전사, 파멸의 사도, 스벤, 도끼전사, 수정의 여인, 얼음폭군을 위해 커뮤니티에서 제작한 12세트가 담겨 있습니다. 이번 보물에서는 에테르와 프리즘 보석을 다시 선보였는데, 두 보석 중 하나가 무작위로 박힌 짐꾼으로 매우 희귀한 ‘타오르는 유생체’가 들어 있습니다. 현재로는 3달마다 파편으로 구매할 수 있는 신규 계절 보물을 소개할 계획입니다. 다음 보물은 12월 1일에 출시되며, 그 후 3달마다 선보일 예정입니다. 그에 맞춰 시즌 퀘스트와 시즌 지형도 함께 선보입니다. 도타 플러스 업데이트파편을 획득하는 기존 방식에 더해, 도타 플러스 회원은 2020년 가을 새로운 퀘스트 시즌에서 최대 57,850개의 파편을 획득할 수 있습니다. 이렇게 획득하는 추가 파편은 시즌 보물을 차지하기에 좋은 재원이 됩니다. 도타 플러스 회원은 새로운 ‘역할 도우미’ 영웅 보기 배열을 이용할 수 있습니다. 도타 커뮤니티에서는 영웅을 새롭고도 다양한 방법으로 플레이하므로, 새로운 ‘역할 도우미’는 랭크 역할 매치메이킹의 모든 영웅 선택을 자동으로 저장하고 가장 많이 선택된 역할로 영웅을 표시합니다. 해당 데이터는 자동으로 최신 경향을 강조하여 나타내며, MMR 랭크에 따라 선별하여 볼 수 있습니다.몇 가지 전투 패스 기능도 도타 플러스로 이전되었습니다.또한, 기피 플레이어 목록에 등록할 수 있는 플레이어 수가 16명에서 25명으로 늘어났습니다.모두를 위한 파편모든 플레이어 여러분이 파편을 획득하고 사용하는 즐거움을 누리실 수 있도록, 파편을 도타 플러스 회원만이 아니라 모두가 사용할 수 있는 화폐로 변경했습니다.파편을 획득하는 방법으로 가장 좋은 것은 도타 플러스이지만, 일반 플레이어도 파편을 획득할 수 있도록 다음과 같은 기능을 제공합니다.길드 업데이트전투 패스 기간에 다시 선보인 길드에 많은 플레이어가 참여하고 관련하여 좋은 의견을 주셔서 감사했습니다. 기존 길드는 그대로 유지되지만, 지급된 보상 중 다수가 전투 패스 환경에서만 유용한 것이었습니다. 항상 길드와 함께 게임을 즐길 수 있도록 이러한 기능을 다시 설계했습니다.길드에는 이제 길드 레벨이 없습니다. 대신 해당 지역에서 획득한 길드 점수에 따라 주간 순위표가 결정됩니다. 매주 1번씩, 길드원은 새로운 길드 등급을 부여받고 파편을 보상으로 획득합니다. 도타 플러스 회원은 파편을 두 배로 얻습니다. 주간 순위표 내 길드 순위에 따라 특별한 혜택을 누릴 수 있습니다. 특전은 시간이 지나면 변경될 수 있습니다. 현재 특전으로 제공되는 세트는 다음과 같습니다.주말에는 보유한 전체 길드 점수가 일정 비율에 따라 감소합니다. 새로운 길드가 기존 길드를 따라잡을 수 있도록 기회를 제공하려는 목적이지만, 어쨌거나 앞선 길드를 따라잡으려면 꽤 열심히 노력해야 할 겁니다! 본 기능으로 매주 점수를 얻고자 협력하면서 적극적으로 활동하는 길드가 보상을 얻었으면 하기에, 이를 위해 계속 상황을 지켜보며 주간 감소 폭을 조정해 나갈 예정임을 참고하시기 바랍니다. 이제 길드 계약으로 길드 점수와 파편 모두를 획득합니다. 모든 플레이어가 매일 계약 칸 1개를 이용할 수 있으며, 도타 플러스 회원에게는 2번째 칸이 제공됩니다. 길드 도전 과제는 이전과 같이 길드원 3명 이상을 포함하는 파티로 완료할 수 있으며, 참가한 길드원은 순위표 순위를 결정하는 길드 점수를 획득합니다. 길드에 소속되어 매치를 플레이하면 길드 점수를 획득하며 길드원과 파티를 맺으면 보너스를 얻습니다.누구나 길드에 가입할 수 있으나 도타 플러스 회원만 길드를 새로 만들 수 있습니다.랭크 시즌예전에는 MMR 초기화를 모두 동시에 하도록 했기에 여러 가지 부정적인 현상이 나타났습니다. 그 때문에 6개월마다 초기화를 진행하기가 쉽지 않았습니다. 그러나, 최근 이러한 어려움을 토로하고 난 뒤 해당 기능이 정말 유용하다는 의견과 더불어 어떻게 하면 좋을지 다양한 제안을 많이 받았습니다.이번 시즌에는 MMR 초기화에 새로운 접근 방법을 시도해 보고자 합니다. 초기화를 원하는 플레이어에게 MMR 초기화를 선택 사항으로 제공하면서, 대신 분산 시행함으로써 너무 많은 불안 요소(재산정 시 기존에 나타났던 불안 요소 외에)가 동시에 나타나지 않도록 했습니다. 이번에 시도하는 방법으로, MMR 초기화로 발생하는 부정적 현상이 대부분 해결되는 동시에 초기화를 원하는 분들이 좀 더 안정적인 상황에서 초기화를 진행하실 수 있기를 희망합니다.로그인 후 설정으로 가면 계정 부문 아래 새로운 MMR 재산정 항목이 있습니다. 모두 동시에 재산정을 진행하는 상황을 피하고자, 2020년 10월 22일부터 2020년 11월 22일 사이에 고르게 분산된 시간에 시작되며 시즌이 끝나기 전까지 언제든 재산정을 활성화할 수 있습니다. 재산정 버튼이 활성화되었을 때 바로 눌러도 좋고, 아예 누르지 않아도 좋고, 경쟁 플레이 몇 판으로 먼저 손을 풀어본 후에 눌러도 좋습니다.소통커뮤니티에서는 계속 저희가 어떤 작업을 하고 있는지 좀 더 많은 얘기를 듣고 싶어 했습니다. 무엇이든 출시할 준비가 되기 전에는 이야기하지 않으려는 이유는 여러 가지가 있습니다. 계획이 바뀌기도 하고 아이디어가 구체적으로 발전되지 않기도 합니다. 출시 날짜를 확정 짓기 어려울 때도 있으며 업데이트 범위에 헛된 기대감을 품게 하고 싶지도 않고 예상이 틀려 실망감을 안겨드리고 싶지도 않습니다.그런 까닭에, 때때로 이러한 접근 방식과 정보를 얻고 싶은 커뮤니티의 요구 사이에서 균형을 잡아야 한다는 사실을 알고 있습니다. 이런 차원에서 몇 가지 주제에 관해 좀 더 많은 정보를 여러분과 나누고자 합니다.먼저 신규 영웅과 관련한 사항입니다. 커뮤니티에서는 매년 가을에 신규 영웅이 출시되기를 기대한다는 사실을 압니다. (보통 11월경 어느 시점에 출시되었음) 현재 새로운 영웅은 11월 말에 출시하고, 그 이후 내년 1분기 중 그다음 영웅을 출시한 뒤 연내 추가로 더 출시하는 것을 목표로 하고 있습니다. 최근에는 The International 전후에 대부분의 콘텐츠와 업데이트를 적용하기보다 일 년 동안 업데이트를 분산하여 진행하는 방식으로 전체 개발을 진행하면 어떨지를 고려해 보는 중입니다. 콘텐츠를 꾸준히 출시하는 방식이 사용자 여러분께는 이전 방식보다는 더 매력적으로 느껴졌으면 하는 마음입니다.최근 저희가 작업하는 또 다른 영역은 플레이어 행동과 악의적 행동과 관련한 내용입니다. 저희가 해온 작업 중 일부는 패치 노트 없이 최근 공개되었고, 일부 작업은 아직 개발 중으로 향후 적용될 예정입니다. 저희는 부계정 탐지 시스템을 개선하였고, 그에 따라 새로운 부계정이 일반 신규 플레이어와 함께 섞이지 않도록 구분하기 시작했습니다. 이제 부계정은 다른 부계정들과만 플레이할 가능성이 훨씬 커졌으며, 파티에 부계정이 한 명만 포함되었다 하더라도 마찬가지로 취급됩니다. 플레이에 미칠 부정적인 영향을 제한하고자, 부 계정에는 소유한 여타 계정의 나쁜 행동 점수가 적용됩니다. 아울러 새로운 계정이 원래 실력에 맞는 MMR에 더 빠르게 도달하도록 개선하였습니다만, 아직 이 부분은 더 해야 할 작업이 남아 있습니다. 현재 작업 중인 문제를 해결할 만한 방법이 몇 가지 있지만, 아직은 연구/실험 단계에 불과합니다.또한, 최근 몇 달간 감지 시스템을 개선하고 밀어주기 계정을 금지하는 기능을 더 확실하게 보강한 덕분에 이에 해당하는 계정을 더 많이 금지해 왔습니다. 지난 30일간, 14,000개 이상의 계정을 금지했으며, 앞으로도 밀어주기와 관련된 계정을 계속 금지할 수 있도록 체계를 마련했습니다. 그러나 이는 정체되지 않도록 계속 작업하고 개선해 나가야 하는 영역이며, 일부는 고급 감지 방법의 도움을 받아야 하는데 해당 기능 역시 초기 연구/실험 단계에 있습니다.악의적 행위와 게임을 망치는 행위 문제는, CS:GO와 일부 유사한 ‘감시’ 방식의 새로운 시스템을 도입하고자 작업하고 있습니다. 이 사항은 아직 더 자세한 정보를 공유할 단계가 아니지만, 조만간 말씀드릴 수 있을 겁니다. 해당 사항을 최대한 빨리 게임에 도입할 수 있으면 하는 바람입니다.마지막으로, 엔진을 약간 발전시킴으로써 멀티코어 CPU에서 적당한 성능 개선을 이루었으며 이를 도타에 적용할 예정입니다. 아직 버그가 발생하기에 테스트를 좀 더 거쳐야 하지만, 다음 주쯤을 목표로 하고 있습니다. 예상하실 수 있다시피, 코드를 변경해야 하는 사안이므로 출시는 약간 섬찟한 일이 될 수 있습니다.오늘 The International 10 전투 패스 시즌이 종료되었습니다. 함께해 주신 여러분께 감사드리며 올해는 아이기스를 들어 올리는 팀이 없이 끝나지만, Valve의 저희 모두는 여러분과 가족 모두의 안녕을 빌며 TI10에서 여러분 모두 만나 뵙기를 고대합니다.이번 시즌을 마감하며, 기쁜 마음으로 2020 신비의 투표 결과를 발표하고자 합니다. 올해는 도타 2에서 가장 보랏빛을 많이 띠는 두 영웅, 얼굴없는 전사와 악령이 커뮤니티로부터 수백만 표를 얻었습니다. 이 둘은 각각 27,475,258표와 24,948,538표를 얻었고 최종 신비의 승자는 악령이 되었습니다. 저희 팀은 악령 머큐리얼의 어두운 기운을 모아 이전에는 상상하지 못한 형태로 바꾸면서 그에 걸맞은 신비 아이템 디자인에 착수하겠습니다. 악령은 자신의 사냥감을 어떤 식으로 따라다닐까요? 굴절된 악령은 어떤 방법으로 적을 서서히 무너뜨릴까요? 악령의 단검으로 적을 겨냥했을 때, 어떤 죽음의 빛으로 악령이 빛날까요? 네, 당연히 보라색이겠지만, 어떤 색조의 보라색일까요? 연보라를 사랑하는 분들이나 진자주 애호가들이나 보랏빛 투표자분들 모두 긴장하고 지켜보시기 바랍니다. 시간이 지나면 이 모든(어쩌면 일부) 질문에 답이 나올 테니까요.아울러, 다음 주에는 도타 플러스에 몇 가지 새로운 업데이트를 적용할 예정입니다. 그중에는 길드 관련 업데이트, 새로운 도타 플러스 시즌, 새로운 MMR 초기화 작동 원리 등이 포함될 예정입니다. 지금 모습을 드러낸 불멸 보물 III에서는 퍼그나, 태엽장이, 예지자, 나무정령 수호자, 자이로콥터, 리치를 위해 새롭게 선보이는 아이템을 선보입니다.이 아이템에 더해, 보물을 열 때마다 증가하는 확률로 희귀한 전투 패스 50레벨, 매우 희귀한 황금판 퍼그나 아이템, 엄청나게 희귀한 불사조 날개를 획득할 수 있습니다. 늘 그렇듯이, 어마어마하게 희귀한 확률로 신성한 휘장을 발견할 수 있습니다.전투 패스는 기간이 3주 더 연장되어 10월 9일까지 이용할 수 있으며, 해당일에 신비의 투표 결과도 발표될 예정입니다. (힌트: 보라색 근접 캐리 영웅으로 떨어져 있는 거리를 쉽게 가로질러 갈 수 있음) 이번 마지막 연장 기간에 전투 패스 소유자는 1인당 60레벨 번들을 2개까지 30% 할인된 가격으로 구매할 수 있습니다.전투 패스 페이지에서 보물에 담긴 신규 아이템과 맞춤 효과를 미리 살펴보시기 바랍니다.리랄레이조차도 수호의 바람과 자신의 관계가 어느 정도 밀접한지 알지 못했습니다. 조상에 대한 지식이나 어린 시절 기억은 없지만, 햇빛이 어른거리는 주위 나무들의 속삭임이나 햇빛이 비치지 못하게 하는 폭풍우의 울부짖음 속의 진실에 귀를 기울일 줄은 알았습니다. 그러나 리랄레이가 커가면서, 수호의 바람과 기묘하게 얽힌 유대가 훨씬 더 끈끈해지며 출생에 대한 불안감에 사로잡히기 시작했습니다. 새롭게 선보이는 ‘솟구치는 돌풍의 나침반’ 신비 번들로 바람의 힘을 불러내 보세요. 지금 The International 10 전투 패스에서 이용할 수 있습니다.본 신비 번들에는 새로운 모델과 기본 아이템, 새로운 애니메이션, 맞춤 정신 집중 표시줄과 집중 사격 피해 계측기, 두 가지 스타일에 적용되는 신규 바람 주변 효과, 능력의 기본 및 불멸 효과 추가, 바람순찰자와 쓰러뜨린 적 영웅 모두에게 적용되는 신규 사망 효과, 신비 아이템에 독점 제공되는 500개 이상의 신규 음성 대사가 들어 있습니다. 집중 사격으로 처치하는 대상에게 피해를 누적하면 돌풍의 투영 교체 스타일이 해제됩니다.자세한 사항은 솟구치는 돌풍의 나침반 업데이트 페이지에서 확인하시기 바랍니다.DPC 상황과 관련하여 최근 불만스럽다는 의견을 많이 받아왔는데, 무언가 조치를 더 취해야 한다는 생각에 동의하는 바입니다. 저희는 이번 블로그에서 이전에 어떤 일이 일어났으며, 저희는 어떻게 생각했고, 앞으로 어떻게 할 것인지 알려드리고자 합니다.  COVID-19의 대유행이 더 이어지리라는 사실이 확실시되고 난 후, 저희는 The International의 연기 계획을 블로그로 알려드리고 다양한 일정으로 전 세계의 여러 나라에 경기장을 사전 예약하기 시작했습니다. 그다음 가능한 한 빨리 The International을 개최할 수 있으리라는 희망을 품고, 대유행병이 진행될 수 있는 여러 가지 다른 상황에 기반하여 대회를 어떻게 시행할지 알아보기 시작했습니다. 봄 DPC 이벤트는 더 진행할 수가 없기에, 여러 조직위와 연락하여 앞으로 어떻게 하고 싶은지를 파악하기 시작했습니다. 일부 조직위는 제3자가 개최하는 대회를 운영하며 3월부터 여름 끝까지의 기간을 보내고 싶다고 했습니다.  한여름에 접어들며, 대유행병이 점점 더 변덕스럽게 기승을 부렸고 저희는 앞으로의 DPC 대회와 The International이 받을 영향이 상당히 우려스러웠습니다. 전 세계적 상황을 보아 지역을 넘나드는 대회는 한동안 진행할 수 없을 듯했고, 갑작스러운 여행 규제 및 그에 따른 문제로 다른 대회들에서 예선 이후 특정 국가 출신의 팀들이 배제되는 상황이 전 세계적으로 나타났습니다. DPC를 유관중 대회로 치르는 계획은 이미 고려하지 않는 일이었지만, 적어도 모든 팀이 함께 다른 지역에서 열리는 대회에 참가할 수 있다는 확신은 하고 싶었습니다. 그건 저희가 The International을 위한 DPC 점수를 할당하는 방식에서 아주 중요하게 생각하는 요소였습니다. 또한, The International 자체도 언제 열릴지 불투명한데 준비 과정도 상당한 시간이 필요하다는 점을 고려하면 바이러스가 점점 더 퍼져갈수록 확실하게 시간 계획을 구체화하기는 점점 더 어려워졌습니다. DPC 시즌의 진행 가능성이나 그 과정이 The International을 향해 가는 여정과 너무 동떨어져 있다는 생각도 저희에겐 부정적인 요소로 여겨졌습니다. 이를 실행하려면 DPC 점수 소멸 시스템이 필요한데 시스템상에서나 시스템 자체는 나쁘지 않았지만, 상황이 추가로 안 좋게 변하면 시즌 중반에 갑작스럽게 소멸 시스템을 적용해야 했습니다. 게다가, 몇몇 조직위는 중계 품질이 나빠질까 걱정되기도 하고 가을에 DPC 대회를 한꺼번에 진행하기가 꺼려진다는 의견을 표출하기도 했습니다. 지역을 넘나들며 참가하는 대회나 The International의 상대적 가능성이 절대적인 필수 사항은 아니지만, The International의 기능으로나 팬들을 위해 일관되게 펼치는 축제로서의 DPC를 생각해 봤을 때 지금은 연기하는 것이 더 낫다고 생각합니다. 이를 고려하여 저희는 앞으로 몇 달은 다른 리그나 대회가 열릴 수 있도록 비워두고자 합니다. 기존의 접근 방식은 제3자에 의한 대회가 The International과 상관없이 진행되도록 하는 것이었습니다. (비록 그 정도는 연맹전이 좀 더 조직화되어 TI로 이어졌으면 좋겠다는 팬이나 선수들의 요구가 늘어나면서 몇 년간 유동적이었긴 했지만요.) 저희는 이런 식으로 접근하면서도 제3자 대회가 계속 영향력이 있게 함으로써 DPC와 TI를 좀 더 나아지고 일관된 관계로 유지하는 가운데 전반적으로 팬들을 위한 최종 결과물은 가을에 지켜볼 흥미로운 콘텐츠이기를 바랍니다.  곧 바로는 DPC를 계획대로 진행하지 않겠다고 발표한 이후, 팬 여러분들로부터 부정적인 의견이 많이 있었습니다. 제기된 의견의 상당수가 저희에게는 상당히 타당한 비판으로 여겨졌습니다. 특히 저희의 의도가 뭔지, 앞으로 어떤 상황을 기대할 수 있는지 밝히지 않았기에 더욱 그랬습니다.다가오는 이번 경쟁 시즌에서는 제3자 대회 및 리그가 유럽/독립국가연합 지역에서 4개 이상, 중국 지역에서 3개 진행될 예정이며 아직 초기 계획 단계여서 지금 말씀드릴 수 없는 대회도 몇 개 더 있습니다. 그래도 현재의 변화가 별 의미가 없을 팀, 중계진, 조직위, 팬들이 전 세계에 많이 있을 것인데, 이는 그러한 사항들을 충분히 밀어붙이면서 지원하지 않은 저희 잘못입니다.이를 마음속에 새겨두고, 남은 한 해 동안 전 세계적으로 좀 더 많은 대회가 열릴 수 있도록 도움과 재정적 지원을 제공하고자 추가로 더 많은 대회 조직위와 접촉하기 시작했습니다. 이러한 대회들은 남은 시즌 동안 팬 여러분들과 팀에 알릴 상황이 되는 대로 차차 말씀드리겠습니다.또 다른 종류로 팬뿐만 아니라 선수들로부터 받은 의견은 DPC와 TI를 언제쯤 재개할지 저희가 생각하는 바를 좀 더 명확하게 밝혀달라는 것이었습니다. 지금 예상하기로는 2021년 1월이나 2월에 DPC가 시작될 전망입니다. 그때까지는 첫 번째 DPC 리그가 마무리되고, 여행 규제가 좀 더 예측 가능한 선에서 적용되며 즉흥적으로 추가 규제가 발생하지 않아 지역을 넘나들며 경기를 진행하는 주 대회를 열 수 있었으면 하는 바람이 있습니다. 또한, The International을 2021년 8월에 스톡홀름에서 진행할 가능성이 가장 크다는 가정하에 준비하고 있습니다. 다른 나라들도 예비 장소로 준비하고 있지만, 시간을 충분히 앞당기지도 못하면서 다른 곳으로 대회 장소를 옮기면 팬 여러분들이 안 좋아하시리라는 점을 잘 압니다.  DotaTV 인터넷 방송 권한과 관련하여 전달해주신 여러 가지 의견과 우려 사항도 잘 받았습니다. 이는 지난날 공개적으로 논의하던 주제였는데, 자료를 더 많이 수집한 덕에 저희 생각에도 약간의 진전이 있었습니다. 궁극적으로는 여전히 방송을 하는 커뮤니티 구성원들이 대회에 관해 직접 해설을 하는 것이 팬이나 경쟁 도타계에 순수하게 긍정적인 가치를 더하는 일이라고 믿습니다. 또한, 장기적으로 봤을 때 대회 자체도 커뮤니티에서 방송하는 분들의 팬에게 노출되면서 혜택을 받는다고 생각합니다. 그러나, 이는 단기적으로 봤을 때는 수익이 감소할 뿐만 아니라 대회 조직위가 더욱 효과적으로 수익을 올릴 능력이 줄어드는 결과를 낳는 것도 사실입니다. 9월 15일부터 도타 라이선스가 업데이트되어 다음 사항이 반영될 예정입니다. 도타 2 대회를 주최하는 조직위는 인터넷 방송을 하는 커뮤니티원에게, 방송에 조직위의 후원을 표시하거나 게임과 약간 시차를 둔다든가 하는 등의 타당하고 적용하기 간단하며 수익 창출과 관련되지 않은 요구 사항을 알려야 합니다. 인터넷 방송을 하는 커뮤니티원들은 위와 같은 요구 사항에 동의한다면 DotaTV 피드를 방송에 사용할 수 있습니다. 이로써 인터넷 방송을 하는 커뮤니티원들이 좀 더 명확한 확신을 얻어 중계할 때 혼란을 느끼지 않아도 되는 동시에 대회 조직위가 보유한 주요 이익 사항 몇 가지를 보호할 수 있으리라 믿습니다. 마지막 순간에 일어날 만한 문제들을 미리 피할 수 있도록, 대회를 인터넷으로 방송하려는 중계진들은 사전에 조직위와 조율하여 제시된 요건을 충족할 수 있음을 분명히 밝혀두기를 권장합니다. 대회 조직위 및 관련 당사자 중 문의 사항이 있다면 [email protected]으로 편하게 연락해 주시기 바랍니다.장난감 상자 깊숙한 곳에서부터, 무시무시한 장난감이 전투에 가담합니다. 전투 패스 255레벨을 달성한 모든 분이라면 누구나 이용할 수 있는 신규 ‘인형 도살자’ 퍼지 인격체로 완전히 새로운 모델, 애니메이션, 음성 대사 녹음을 선보입니다.장난감 상자에 담긴 봉제 시민 중에 가장 무서운 ‘인형 도살자’는 언제나 처치할 대상을 찾아 상자의 모퉁이와 어두운 구석을 몰래 헤집고 다닙니다. 어느 장난감이나 이 도살자의 갈고리가 몸에 박히기만 하면, 몸 안에 있는 것들과 목숨이 그대로 뽑혀 나간 다음 거의 틀림없이 전선 여기저기에 흩뿌려지고, 보들보들한 괴물은 그 너덜너덜해진 채 쓸쓸하게 버려진 유해를 뒤로 한 채 즐겁게 다음 나들이에 나선다는 사실을 압니다.전투 패스에서 새로운 인격체를 받으면서 그 중간에 있는 The International의 목소리 아나운서 팩도 잊지 말고 차지하세요. 전투 패스 75레벨 이상을 달성한 모든 분께 제공되어, 여러분의 다음 승리를 세상에 멋지게 알려줄 겁니다.Начинается осенний сезон, и мы с радостью объявляем об обновлениях Dota Plus и системы гильдий. Сезон начинается сегодня и продлится до начала декабря 2020 года.Осенняя сокровищница 2020Теперь подписчики Dota Plus могут приобрести за осколки новую сокровищницу. Она содержит 12 наборов от сообщества для Nyx Assassin, Leshrac, Medusa, Vengeful Spirit, Weaver, Clockwerk, Faceless Void, Doom, Sven, Axe, Crystal Maiden и Tusk. Также в ней возвращаются потусторонние и призматические самоцветы: очень редкий курьер Blazing Hatchling содержит по каждому из них, выбранному случайно. Сейчас мы планируем каждые три месяца выпускать по новой сезонной сокровищнице, которую можно приобрести за осколки. Следующая выйдет 1 декабря, но после этого сокровищницы будут меняться каждые три месяца вместе с сезонными заданиями и ландшафтами. Обновления Dota PlusПодписчики Dota Plus могут получить осколки не только привычными способами, но и выполняя новые сезонные задания — они принесут до 57 850 осколков, которые помогут приобрести побольше сокровищниц. Теперь подписчики Dota Plus могут пользоваться новой сеткой героев от помощника по ролям. Поскольку сообщество постоянно находит новые способы играть за привычных персонажей, помощник по ролям отслеживает тренды в ролевом рейтинге и отображает наиболее популярных героев на каждой роли. Данные обновляются автоматически, так что они всегда будут актуальными, а ещё их можно отфильтровать по рангу.Также в Dota Plus перешли некоторые возможности из боевого пропуска:Кроме того, мы увеличили максимальное число избегаемых игроков с 16 до 25.Осколки для всехМы хотим, чтобы у каждого была возможность зарабатывать и тратить осколки, поэтому теперь эта валюта доступна всем игрокам, а не только подписчикам Dota Plus.Наиболее эффективным способом зарабатывать осколки остаётся Dota Plus, но мы сделали следующие функции доступными всем игрокам:Обновления гильдийВ боевом пропуске мы представили вам обновлённую систему гильдий и были рады увидеть, сколько игроков в них вступают и делятся с нами своим мнением. Существующие гильдии сохранятся, но многие их награды подходили только для боевого пропуска, поэтому мы изменили эти функции, чтобы удовольствие от членства в гильдии оставалось прежним.У гильдий больше нет уровня — вместо них мы вводим еженедельную таблицу лидеров по очкам для каждого региона. Раз в неделю разряд гильдии определяется заново, а её члены получают наградные осколки (для подписчиков Dota Plus их число удваивается) и доступ к особым возможностям, список которых может измениться в будущем. Сейчас список бонусов таков:В конце недели все гильдии теряют некоторую долю своих очков. Это нужно для того, чтобы новые гильдии могли догнать существующие — но, очевидно, им придётся постараться! Мы хотим, чтобы эта функция вознаграждала активные и вовлечённые в игру гильдии, совместно зарабатывающие осколки каждую неделю, поэтому будем оценивать и изменять еженедельное уменьшение для достижения этой цели. Теперь за контракты гильдии даются как очки гильдии, так и осколки. У всех игроков есть доступ к одной ячейке контракта в день, а у подписчиков Dota Plus — к двум. Испытания гильдии по-прежнему выполняются в группе из хотя бы 3 её членов и приносят очки для таблицы лидеров. Также они даются за каждую игру, а если вы играете с согильдийцами, то принесёте ещё больше очков.Любые игроки могут вступать в гильдии, но создавать их могут только подписчики Dota Plus.Рейтинговый сезонВ прошлом мы видели много недостатков в системе, которая сбрасывала рейтинг всех игроков одновременно. Именно с ними было частично связано наше нежелание проводить перекалибровку каждые 6 месяцев. Недавно мы высказали это нежелание, после чего получили очень много сообщений о том, насколько эта система важна для игроков и как можно решить сложившуюся ситуацию.В этом сезоне мы подойдём к сбросу рейтинга по-другому. Во-первых, он станет необязательным. Во-вторых, мы будем вводить его для разных игроков постепенно, чтобы не создавать слишком много непредсказуемости (которая и так существует при начале калибровки). Надеемся, так мы избавимся от большинства недостатков при сбросе рейтинга и позволим всем желающим пройти перекалибровку в более стабильной обстановке.Запустите игру и откройте настройки — вы найдёте новый раздел на вкладке «Аккаунт». Чтобы перекалибровка не происходила сразу у всех, для каждого игрока она станет доступна в случайное время с 22 октября по 22 ноября 2020 года, и будет действовать до конца сезона. Если хотите, вы можете нажать её сразу, не нажимать её вовсе или сначала немного потренироваться.Связь с игрокамиСообщество давно просит, чтобы мы больше рассказывали о том, над чем работаем. По различным причинам мы стараемся не углубляться в эту тему, пока не будем готовы что-нибудь выпустить, ведь иногда планы меняются, а идею не удаётся превратить во что-то хорошее. Иногда мы не уверены насчёт сроков, потому что не хотим завышать ожидания от будущего обновления или разочаровывать пользователей, если наши подсчёты неверны.Однако мы признаём, что при таком подходе время от времени нужно делиться с сообществом информацией, что сейчас и сделаем.Начнём с новых героев. Как правило, сообщество ожидает новых героев осенью каждого года (обычно где-то в ноябре). Мы рассчитываем выпустить одного героя в конце ноября и ещё нескольких — в течение следующего года, начиная с первого квартала. Недавно мы начали обдумывать новый подход к разработке, при котором контент и обновления распределены по всему году, а не сосредоточены вокруг The International. Надеемся, постоянный приток контента будет для пользователей более привлекательным, чем предыдущий подход.Ещё одна область игры, над которой мы работаем в последнее время, — это поведение игроков и токсичность. Кое-что мы выпустили без пояснений относительно недавно, а что-то до сих пор разрабатываем. Мы улучшили систему обнаружения смурфинга, в результате чего новые аккаунты стали отделяться от пула обычных игроков. Теперь смурф-аккаунты с большей вероятностью будут играть с другими смурфами, даже если таковым является лишь один игрок в группе. Также они с некоторой вероятностью будут наследовать низкую порядочность альтернативных аккаунтов, чтобы их негативное влияние было ограничено. Кроме того, благодаря другим улучшениям новые аккаунты быстрее приходят к верному рейтингу, но над этим нам ещё предстоит поработать. Мы пробуем различные подходы, и они пока что находятся на стадии изучения и экспериментов.Мы также стали чаще блокировать аккаунты бустеров. Благодаря улучшенным системам определения бустеров, собиравшим данные последние несколько месяцев, мы можем увереннее выявлять нарушителей. За последние 30 дней мы заблокировали более 14 000 аккаунтов и подготовили системы, которые будут блокировать за бустинг в дальнейшем. Однако они остаются актуальными только при постоянной поддержке и улучшениях, в чём нам помогут продвинутые методы обнаружения, но они также находятся на ранней стадии изучения и экспериментов.Чтобы бороться с игроками, чьё поведение чрезмерно токсично или портит игру остальным, мы разрабатываем новую систему наподобие «Патруля» из CS:GO. Мы пока не готовы рассказать о ней больше, но сделаем это, как только сможем. Надеемся, её получится выпустить как можно скорее.И, наконец, мы немного поработали над движком и добились улучшенной производительности на многоядерных процессорах, так что скоро введём эти изменения в игру. Их ещё предстоит протестировать, чтобы избавиться от ошибок, но мы планируем выпустить обновление в районе следующей недели. Очевидно, при таких изменениях кода оно может оказаться… жутковатым.Сегодня закончилось действие боевого пропуска The International 10. Мы благодарим всех, кто принял участие в этом сезоне. И хоть в этому году нам не довелось увидеть, как команда поднимает Эгиду чемпионов над головой, сотрудники Valve желают вам и вашим семьям здоровья и ждут вас на TI10!Мы бы хотели закрыть этот сезон, объявив победителя голосования за Arcana-предмет в 2020 году. Сообщество выбирало между Faceless Void и Spectre, двумя самыми фиолетовыми героями Dota 2. Проигравший герой набрал 23 048 538 голосов, а победивший — 27 475 258, и им оказалась Spectre! Наша команда создаст для Меркуриал дизайн, достойный Arcana-предмета, чтобы её тёмная энергия приняла невиданную доколе форму. Какое наваждение ждёт её жертв? Как будут преломляться усилия врагов? Каким цветом Spectre будет сиять, прицеливаясь своим спектральным кинжалом? Конечно же, фиолетовым, но каким именно оттенком? Держитесь покрепче, пурпурные победители, сиреневые силачи и любители лаванды. Со временем вы получите ответы на все (ну, или почти все) эти вопросы.А на следующей неделе вас ждёт несколько обновлений Dota Plus, включая начало нового сезона, изменения гильдий и новый механизм сброса рейтинга. Immortal-сокровищница III уже доступна. Она содержит новые предметы для Pugna, Clockwerk, Oracle, Treant, Gyrocopter и Lich.Более того, каждая открытая сокровищница увеличивает ваш шанс получить редкую награду в 50 боевых уровней, очень редкую золотую версию предмета для Pugna, а также невероятно редкие крылья для Phoenix. Как и всегда, из этой сокровищницы можно получить чрезвычайно редкую награду — Divine Emblem.Срок действия боевого пропуска будет продлён на три недели, до 10 октября. Тогда же будут объявлены результаты голосования за Arcana-предмет (небольшая подсказка: это фиолетовый герой основы, который легко преодолевает расстояния). А до этого момента каждый владелец боевого пропуска сможет приобрести до двух комплектов по 60 уровней с выгодой в 30%.Загляните на страницу боевого пропуска и посмотрите, какие предметы и особые эффекты ожидают вас в сокровищнице.Даже сама Лиралей не осознавала всю глубину связи с оберегающим её ветром. Не зная своих родителей, не помня своего младенчества, она могла слышать правду лишь в перешёптываниях облитых солнцем деревьев или вое бурь, скрывающих за собой даже свет дня. Но чем старше она становилась, чем крепче была её необыкновенная связь с ветром, тем больше Лиралей тревожили мысли о её происхождении. Выпустите на волю мощь ветра в новом Arcana-наборе Compass of the Rising Gale, уже доступном в боевом пропуске The International.Набор даёт абсолютно новые модель, анимации, звуки, счётчик урона от Focus Fire, особую шкалу прерываемых заклинаний, визуальные эффекты ветра для обоих стилей, дополнительные эффекты обычных и изменённых Immortal-предметами способностей, более 500 новых эксклюзивных реплик, а также особые анимации смерти как для Windranger, так и для сражённых ею героев. Убивайте врагов с помощью способности Focus Fire, наберите нужное количество урона от неё, и для вас откроется стиль Reflections of the Gale.Больше информации вы найдёте на странице предмета.В последнее время участились жалобы на ситуацию с профессиональным сезоном, и мы согласны, что нам следует уделить ей больше внимания. В этом блоге мы хотим рассказать о том, что происходило в последнее время, какие у нас были идеи и что мы собираемся делать дальше.Когда масштаб пандемии Covid-19 стал очевиден, мы объявили о намерениях отложить The International и начали предварительно бронировать площадки по всему миру на разные даты. Мы начали раздумывать о том, как можно провести The International при разных сценариях развития пандемии, и надеялись сделать это как можно быстрее. Поскольку мероприятия весеннего сезона пришлось отменить, мы стали связываться с организаторами, чтобы узнать их планы на будущее. Некоторые из них выразили намерение проводить сторонние события в период с марта до конца лета.Приближалась середина лета, а масштабы пандемии значительно увеличивались. Нас стало крайне беспокоить то, как это может повлиять на будущие турниры профессионального сезона и The International. Ситуация в мире означала, что мы ещё не скоро сможем собрать международное мероприятие, да и в других соревнованиях частой была ситуация, когда прошедшие отбор команды из определённых стран не могли участвовать из-за запретов на въезд и связанных с этим проблем. Хоть мы и смирились, что на турнирах профессионального сезона не получится собирать толпу зрителей, нам хотелось хотя бы быть уверенными в том, что мы сможем привезти на международное соревнование все коллективы. Мы считали, что это очень важно для того, чтобы распределять очки сезона. Мы также не были уверены в том, когда пройдёт сам The International. На его подготовку требуется много времени, а распространение вируса только мешает задать конкретные временные рамки. Возможность того, что путь команд к The International будет слишком отделён от хода профессионального сезона, нас не устраивала. В таком случае нужно разработать систему, которая со временем вычитала бы очки сезона, что само по себе звучит не так уж и плохо, но вводить её из-за изменений посреди сезона — идея не такая и хорошая. Более того, мы получили отзывы от нескольких организаторов, которые либо волновались, что качество осенних трансляций может снизиться, либо вовсе не хотели заниматься турнирами профессионального сезона в это время. Хоть межрегиональные мероприятия или относительный перерыв перед The International не являются строгими требованиями, профессиональный сезон является и его неотъемлемой частью, и целостным продуктом для фанатов, поэтому мы решили ненадолго его приостановить. Взяв это в расчёт, мы решили освободить несколько следующих месяцев для других лиг и турниров. Наш подход всегда заключался в том, что помимо The International должны проводиться и другие турниры, с ним не связанные (хотя на протяжении последних лет ситуация была непостоянной, так как и фанаты, и игроки требовали более систематического подхода к профессиональному сезону и отборам на TI). Мы надеялись, что сможем таким способом лучше и нагляднее связать профессиональный сезон и The International, при этом дав возможность сторонним турнирам проявить себя, чтобы у фанатов было что посмотреть на протяжении осени.Вскоре после того, как мы объявили об отсрочке профессионального сезона, на нас обрушился шквал критики от фанатов. Мы думаем, что высказанные в наш адрес претензии во многих случаях небезосновательны, в частности потому что мы не сообщили о намерениях и планах на будущее.В предстоящем соревновательном сезоне пройдут по меньшей мере четыре сторонних турнира и лиги в Европе и СНГ, три в Китае, а ещё несколько сейчас планируются, и их проведение пока не могут подтвердить окончательно. Несмотря на это, в связи с нынешними тенденциями не будут удовлетворены потребности многих команд, комментаторов, организаторов и фанатов со всего мира, и мы виноваты в том, что не поддерживаем их в достаточной мере и не настаиваем на проведении турниров.Именно поэтому мы начали связываться со многими организаторами турниров, чтобы предложить им помощь и финансовую поддержку, которая позволит обеспечить более широкий охват до конца этого года. Мы предполагаем, что эти мероприятия будут постепенно анонсированы в течение оставшегося сезона, как только организаторы будут готовы рассказать о них фанатам и командам.Помимо этого, игроки и фанаты просили нас прояснить, когда мы планируем возобновить профессиональный сезон и провести The International. На сегодняшний день мы ожидаем, что сезон начнётся в первые месяцы 2021 года. Мы надеемся, что к окончанию первой лиги сезона ограничения на передвижения будут более предсказуемы, а внезапные запреты станут менее вероятны, что позволит проводить мейджор-турниры и межрегиональные соревнования. Мы также исходим из того, что наиболее вероятным станет проведение The International в Стокгольме в августе 2021 года. Несмотря на то что у нас есть запасные планы с другими странами, мы понимаем, что фанаты будет расстроены, если мы решим сменить место проведения турнира без существенной экономии времени.Мы также получили ваши отзывы и беспокойства по поводу прав на транслирование игр через DotaTV. Мы и раньше открыто обсуждали эту тему, и теперь, когда у нас появилось больше данных, наши взгляды немного изменились. Мы по-прежнему считаем, что трансляции членов сообщества, которые самостоятельно комментируют турнир, приносят пользу как фанатам, так и соревновательной среде. Мы также считаем, что в долгосрочной перспективе организаторы тоже остаются в плюсе от расширения аудитории, узнающей о турнире через подобные трансляции. Однако нельзя отрицать, что в краткосрочной перспективе организаторы могут понести финансовые убытки, так как у них остаётся меньше возможности заработать. Поэтому, начиная с 15 сентября, в лицензию Dota 2 добавятся следующие изменения: организаторы турниров по Dota 2 обязаны предоставить комментаторам из сообщества объективные и простые к исполнению неденежные требования для проведения трансляций: например, отображение на них спонсоров турнира или задержку относительно официальной трансляции организатора. Если комментатор из сообщества согласен с предложенными условиями, он может транслировать игру через DotaTV. Мы считаем, что так деятели из сообщества не будут сомневаться, могут ли они транслировать игру без лишней неразберихи, а часть ключевых интересов организаторов будет защищена. Чтобы избежать неожиданных эксцессов, мы рекомендуем желающим транслировать турнир заранее связываться с организаторами, чтобы успеть выполнить все необходимые требования. Организаторы турниров и причастные к этому лица могут связаться с нами по любым вопросам, написав на электронный адрес: [email protected]Из глубин коробки с игрушками в бой выступает нечто дикое, но симпатичное. Доступная всем владельцам боевого пропуска 255-го уровня, личность Toy Butcher включает в себя новые модель, анимации и озвучку для Pudge.Больше всего набитые ватой обитатели ящика с игрушками боятся плюшевого мясника. Он непрестанно ищет новых жертв в самых тёмных уголках, и каждая игрушка знает: окажешься на мясницком крюке — прощайся с набивкой и жизнью. Плюшевое чудище радостно вытянет из рваных останков всё до последней нитки, и каждая линия будет увешана клочками его жертв.Получите новую личность в боевом пропуске, и не забудьте по пути забрать набор комментаторов «Голос The International» на 75 уровне пропуска, чтобы ваша следующая победа звучала торжественно как никогда.Don't have a Steam account?  You can create an account for free.The Fall Season is upon us and we’re excited to announce updates to Dota Plus and Guilds. The Season begins today and it will run through the beginning of December, 2020.Autumnal Treasure 2020Dota Plus members can now purchase a new treasure with shards. This treasure features 12 community-created sets for Nyx Assassin, Leshrac, Medusa, Vengeful Spirit, Weaver, Clockwerk, Faceless Void, Doom, Sven, Axe, Crystal Maiden, and Tusk. It also includes the re-introduction of Ethereal and Prismatic gems, with the very rare Blazing Hatchling courier coming pre-equipped with a random one of each. Our plan right now is to have a new seasonal treasure available for purchase with shards every 3 months. The next treasure will be available on Dec 1st, and then again every 3 months after that. This will also align with seasonal quests and seasonal terrains. Updates to Dota PlusIn addition to the existing ways to earn shards, Dota Plus members can also earn up to 57,850 shards from a new season of quests for Fall 2020. These extra shards will give the currency you need to take advantage of the Seasonal Treasure. Dota Plus members can now use the new Role Assistant hero grid arrangement. As the Dota community finds new and different ways for heroes to be played, the new Role Assistant automatically records the picks of every hero in Ranked Roles matchmaking and displays heroes in their most picked roles. This data is updated automatically to highlight the latest trends and is filterable by MMR rank.Several features from the Battle Pass have also moved into Dota Plus:We’ve also bumped up the number of players allowed to be on the Avoid Players list from 16 to 25.Shards for EveryoneWe want all players to enjoy earning and spending Shards, so we have changed the currency to be available to all players rather than being Dota Plus exclusive.While the most effective way to earn shards is to have Dota Plus, we’ve enabled the following subset of features to be available for all players:Guild UpdatesWe reintroduced Guilds during the Battle Pass, and we were happy to see how many players participated in Guilds and shared their feedback with us. We are keeping the existing Guilds, but many of the rewards received only worked in the context of the Battle Pass. We’ve redesigned those features so that you can enjoy playing with your guild all the time.Guilds no longer have a Guild Level – instead there is now a weekly leaderboard of guild points earned in a given region. Once a week, guild members will receive their new guild rank and can claim a reward of shards; Dota Plus members earn double the amount of shards. A Guild’s weekly leaderboard position also determines access to special perks that may change over time. The current set of perks is:At the end of the week, all existing guild points will decay by a percentage. This is so that new guilds have a chance to catch up to existing guilds; however, they’ll naturally have to work hard to catch up to the leaders! We want this feature to reward active and engaged guilds working together week-by-week to gain points – so with that in mind we’ll be monitoring and adjusting the weekly decay to achieve that goal. Guild contracts now earn both guild points and shards. All players have access to one contract slot per day, and Dota Plus members have access to a second slot. Guild challenges are still completed in parties of 3+ guild members, and they earn guild points for leaderboard position. Playing a match while in a guild earns guild points, with bonuses for being in parties with your guildmates.All players can participate in a guild, but only Dota Plus members can create them.Ranked SeasonIn the past we’ve seen a bunch of negative aspects to forcing everyone to reset their MMR at the same time. That has been part of our reluctance to continue with resetting every 6 months. However after we’ve expressed this reluctance recently, we’ve gotten a lot of feedback about how valuable they felt this functionality was to them, along with various suggestions to handling this topic.For this season, we are going to try a new approach to MMR resets. We are making the MMR reset optional, and for those who want to participate, we instead spread it out so it doesn’t create too much volatility at the same time (ontop of the volatility that already exists when you enter calibration). We hope this will remove most of the downsides of MMR resets, and let the people that really want to do it be able to do so in a little bit more of a stable environment.Upon logging in, you can go to Settings, and under the Account tab there is a new MMR Recalibration section. To prevent everyone from recalibrating at once, start-times will be spaced out evenly between October 22, 2020 and November 22, 2020 and can be activated anytime until the Season is over. Feel free to press the button the moment it’s available to you, never press it, or warm back up to competitive play before activating it.CommunicationThe community has been wanting us to talk a bit more about things we are working on. There are a variety of reasons we don’t tend to get into those things until something is ready to release, because sometimes plans change, or an idea doesn’t develop into something solid, etc. Sometimes we also aren’t sure about dates yet, and don’t want to set up false expectations for either the scope for an update or to create disappointment if estimations are wrong.That being said, we recognize that sometimes we need to balance that approach with the desire for some information to the community. So we’ll share more information on a few topics below.First is with regards to new heroes. We know the community tends to expect new heroes in the fall each year (usually released around November sometime). We are currently aiming for end of November for a new hero release, followed by more that are spread throughout next year with the next one in the first quarter next year. Recently we’ve been thinking about trying an overall development approach of spreading out updates during the year, rather than only having most content and updates centered around The International. We are hoping a steady state of content will prove to be more engaging to users than the previous approaches.Another area we’ve been doing work on recently is player behavior and toxicity. Some of that has been work we’ve been doing recently in public without patch notes, while some is upcoming stuff that is still in development. We’ve made improvements to our smurf detection systems, and as a result we’ve started separating new accounts from entering the pool of normal and new players. Smurf accounts are now much more likely to play with other smurfs only, this includes parties where only one player is a smurf. They are also likely to inherit any negative behavior scores of their alternate accounts, to limit their negative impact when playing. We’ve also done a few more improvements on making new accounts converge to their correct MMR faster, however there is still more to be done on that front. We have a couple of approaches to solve that which we are working on but they are in the research/experimental stage at this point.We’ve also been ramping up our banning of booster accounts, as we’ve improved detections systems in recent months and gained more confidence in the ability to ban for it. In the past 30 days we’ve banned over 14000 accounts, and have set up systems to continually ban for boosting moving forward. This is an area however that needs constant work and improvements to not stagnate, and some of this will benefit from more advanced detection methods that are also in early research/experimental stages.In terms of toxicity and game ruining behaviors from players, we are working on a new Overwatch style system, similar in some ways to that of CS:GO. We aren’t ready to share more information about this yet, but we will as soon as we are able. We are hoping to get this in the game as soon as possible.Lastly, we’ve done some engine development that results in moderate performance improvements on multi-core CPU’s and will be bringing those to Dota. There’s still a bit of testing to do as it may result in some bugs, but we are aiming towards the next week or so for it. As you can expect, given the code changes required, the release could be a little bit spooky.Today marks the end of The International 10 Battle Pass season. Thank you to everyone who participated and while this year didn’t end with a team hoisting the Aegis, all of us at Valve hope that you and your families remain healthy and we look forward to gathering everyone together for TI10.With the close of the season, we are pleased to announce the results of the 2020 Arcana Vote. This year the community cast millions of votes for two of the purplest heroes in the Dota 2 pool, Faceless Void and Spectre and with a split of 27,475,258 votes to 24,948,538, this year’s Arcana winner is: Spectre. The team will set out to design an Arcana befitting Mercurial, the Spectre, channeling her dark energy into forms heretofore unimagined. How will she haunt her quarry? In what manner can her refraction erode her enemies? When taking aim with her Spectral Dagger, what deadly color will she glow? Yes, purple, obviously, but what SHADE of purple? Sit tight, lavender lovers, plum buffs and violet voters. With time all (or maybe some) of these questions will be answered.Also, next week we’re releasing some new updates to Dota Plus. Among them will be updates to Guilds, a new Dota Plus Season, and a new MMR reset mechanism. Immortal Treasure III is now available, featuring all-new items for Pugna, Clockwerk, Oracle, Treant, Gyrocopter, and Lich.In addition to these items, each of these treasures you open also offers increasing odds of receiving a rare reward of 50 Battle Pass levels, a very rare Golden version of the Pugna item, or the ultra rare Phoenix Wings. As always, there is a cosmically rare chance you’ll discover a Divine Emblem.The Battle Pass will be extended for 3 more weeks, until October 9th, with the results of the Arcana vote revealed at that time (hint: it’s a purple melee carry that can cross distances with ease). During this final stretch, each Battle Pass owner can purchase up to two bundles of 60 levels at a 30% discount.Head over to the Battle Pass page for a preview of the new items and custom effects featured in the treasure.Not even Lyralei herself understood the true extent of her connection with the guardian wind. With no knowledge of her forebears, or memory of her first days, she could but listen for the truth in the whispers of sun-dappled trees around her, or the howling storms that keep even daylight at bay. But as she grew, and her strange connection with the guardian wind became ever stronger, an unease about her origins began to take hold. Unleash the power of the wind with the all-new Compass of the Rising Gale Arcana bundle, available now in The International 10 Battle Pass.This Arcana bundle includes a new model and base items, new animations, a custom channel bar and Focus Fire damage counter, ambient wind effects for both styles, additions to base and Immortal effects for her abilities, new death effects for both Windranger and enemy heroes she takes down, and over 500 new Arcana-exclusive voice lines. Rack up damage on targets you kill using Focus Fire to unlock the Reflections of the Gale alternate style.Learn more at the Compass of the Rising Gale update page.We’ve heard a lot of complaints recently about the state of DPC and we agree that there is more that we should do. We wanted to use this blog to walk you through what happened before, what our thoughts were, and what we will do going forward.Once the extent of the Covid-19 pandemic became clear, we posted about our plans to delay The International and started pre-booking arenas for various alternative dates and countries around the world. We then began researching how to execute The International based on how different pandemic scenarios could play out, with the hope that we’d be able to host it as soon as possible. Since the spring DPC events could no longer operate anymore, we started reaching out to the organizers to see what they wanted to do going forward. Some of those organizers shared their desires to run third party events to cover the period from March through the end of the summer.As we approached the middle of the summer, the volatility of the pandemic had grown significantly and we became very concerned about the impact it would have on future DPC events and The International. The global situation meant that cross regional play would be unlikely for a period of time, and we have since seen scenarios globally in other competitions where teams from certain countries had to be excluded after qualifying due to abrupt travel restrictions and complications. While we had already assumed that having a crowd for the DPC events was not in the cards, we wanted to at least have confidence in being able to bring all teams together for cross region competition. We felt that was a very important component of how we allocate DPC points for The International. We were also unsure of when The International itself would happen, and given the significant lead time needed, the increased spread of the virus made it harder to model out a time frame with confidence. The potential for the DPC season and its narrative feeling too detached from the path towards The International was negative for us. Doing that would also necessitate a DPC point decay system, which in and of itself isn’t a bad thing, but having to abruptly introduce decay mid season if the landscape changes has some additional downsides. Furthermore, we had also received some feedback from a couple of organizers that were either worried about the quality of the broadcast being lower or reluctant to want to operate DPC events in the fall altogether. While neither the cross-region competition nor the relative distance to The International are absolute requirements, we felt the DPC as both a function of The International and also as a coherent product for fans would be better served by holding off on them for now. Given that, our plan was that we’d make the upcoming months open and clear for other leagues and events to operate. Our approach historically has been to want third party tournaments to be able to exist outside of The International (though the degree of that has been fluid over the years as demands from fans and players for more structured circuits to lead to TI increased). Our hope was that we could both achieve a better and more coherent relationship between DPC and TI by approaching it this way as well as still allowing for third party events to have an impact, with the overall end result for fans still being that there would be entertaining content to watch in the fall.Soon after we announced that we were not immediately proceeding with DPC as planned, we received a lot of negative feedback from fans. We think that a lot of the points that were raised were reasonable criticisms towards us, especially because we did not communicate what our intentions were, and what they could expect in the future.For this upcoming competitive season, there are going to be at least four third party events and leagues in EU/CIS events, three in China, and a few others that are still in the preliminary planning stages and are not able to commit at this time. However, there are still going to be a lot of teams, casters, organizers and fans around the world that are not going to be meaningfully served based on the current trajectory and that is our fault for not pushing on those and supporting them enough.With that in mind, we’ve started reaching out to many more tournament organizers to offer help and financial support in order to be able to create increased coverage globally for the remainder of the year. We expect that these events will be gradually announced over the remaining season as soon as they are ready to communicate to fans and teams.Another piece of feedback we got from players as well as fans was wanting more clarity in what we were thinking were the likely dates for DPC and TI to resume. Our outlook right now is that we are anticipating the start of DPC to be in the first month or two of 2021. Our hope is that by the time the first DPC league concludes, travel limitations will be more predictable and spontaneous restrictions will be less likely, thus allowing for Majors with cross-region competition to happen. We are also operating under the assumption that the most likely outcome is for The International to happen in Stockholm in August 2021. While we have other countries as backups, we recognize that fans would be upset if we moved it to another location if the time savings weren’t meaningful enough.We’ve also heard your feedback and concerns around Dota TV streaming rights. This has been a topic we’ve discussed openly in the past and, as we gathered more data, our thoughts have evolved slightly. We ultimately still believe that community streamers providing their own commentary of a tournament is a net positive value to fans and the competitive scene. We also believe that in the long term, the tournament themselves benefit from additional exposure to fans of those community streamers. However, it is true that this can cause a short term loss of revenue as well as a reduced ability to monetize more effectively for tournament organizers. Starting September 15, the Dota license will be updated to reflect the following: Organizers that run Dota 2 Tournaments will have to provide community streamers with a reasonable and simple to execute set of non-monetary requirements, such as displaying the organizers sponsors on their streams or having a slight delay on the games. Community streamers will be able to use the DotaTV feed in their broadcast as long as they agree to those requirements. We believe this will provide more certainty and confidence to community streamers to be able to cast without a lot of turmoil, while at the same time protecting some key interests that tournament organizers have. To avoid possible last minute issues, we would advise casters that want to stream a tournament, to coordinate with the organizer in advance to ensure they are able to fulfill the requirements presented. Tournament organizers and relevant parties that have questions, feel free to reach out to us at [email protected]From deep inside the toy box, a frightening plaything joins the fray. Available now to all Battle Pass owners who reach level 255, the new Toy Butcher Persona for Pudge features an all-new model, animations, and voice performance.Feared amongst the fluff-stuffed denizens of the toy box, The Toy Butcher stalks the corners and shadows of the bin, always on the hunt for his next kill. Every toy knows that once the butcher gets his hook in you, your stuffing and your life are forfeit – like as not to be left strewn about the lanes as the plushy monster jaunts happily away from your lonely, ragged remains. Claim the new persona now in your Battle Pass and don’t forget to pick up the Voice of The International Announcer Pack on your way, available to all Battle Pass Owners at level 75 and above, to herald your next victory.Sign in to add this item to your wishlist, follow it, or mark it as not interested
									Sign in to see reasons why you may or may not like this based on your games, friends, and curators you follow.
								
			Includes 22 items:
			Counter-Strike: Condition Zero, Day of Defeat: Source, Team Fortress Classic, Day of Defeat, Deathmatch Classic, Opposing Force, Ricochet, Half-Life, Half-Life: Blue Shift, Half-Life 2, Counter-Strike: Source, Half-Life 1: Source, Half-Life 2: Episode One, Portal, Half-Life 2: Episode Two, Left 4 Dead, Left 4 Dead 2, Portal 2, Counter-Strike: Global Offensive, Team Fortress 2, Dota 2, The Lab					“A modern multiplayer masterpiece.”9.5/10 – Destructoid“Once you start to learn its secrets, there’s a wild and exciting variety of play here that’s unmatched, even by its peers.”9.4/10 – IGN“Dota 2 is possibly the only competitive free-to-play game that is totally uncompromised by its business model.”90/100 – PC GamerYou can use this widget-maker to generate a bit of HTML that can be embedded in your website to easily allow customers to purchase this game on Steam.Enter up to 375 characters to add a description to your widget:Copy and paste the HTML below into your website to make the above widget appearSign in to add your own tags to this product.
						
							Sign In
						
					Today marks the end of The International 10 Battle Pass season. Thank you to everyone who participated and while this year didn’t end with a team hoisting the Aegis, all of us at Valve hope that you and your families remain healthy and we look forward to gathering everyone together for TI10.With the close of the season, we are pleased to announce the results of the 2020 Arcana Vote. This year the community cast millions of votes for two of the purplest heroes in the Dota 2 pool, Faceless Void and Spectre and with a split of 27,475,258 votes to 24,948,538, this year’s Arcana winner is: Spectre. The team will set out to design an Arcana befitting Mercurial, the Spectre, channeling her dark energy into forms heretofore unimagined. How will she haunt her quarry? In what manner can her refraction erode her enemies? When taking aim with her Spectral Dagger, what deadly color will she glow? Yes, purple, obviously, but what SHADE of purple? Sit tight, lavender lovers, plum buffs and violet voters. With time all (or maybe some) of these questions will be answered.Also, next week we’re releasing some new updates to Dota Plus. Among them will be updates to Guilds, a new Dota Plus Season, and a new MMR reset mechanism. 金秋赛季已经到来，在这里我们隆重宣布刀塔Plus和公会的更新内容。 赛季自今日开启，并持续到2020年十二月初。2020年金秋珍藏刀塔Plus会员现在可以使用碎片购买一款全新珍藏。 珍藏内含12套社区精心打造的套装，面向的英雄有司夜刺客、拉席克、美杜莎、复仇之魂、编织者、发条技师、虚空假面、末日使者、斯温、斧王、水晶室女和巨牙海民。 还包含了重新推出的虚灵和棱彩宝石，非常珍稀的小朱雀信使将自带这两种宝石的随机一款。 目前我们的计划是每3个月推出一款全新的季节珍藏，供大家利用碎片进行购买。 下一款珍藏将于12月1日推出，接着开始每3个月会推出一款。 这将与赛季任务和季节地图相一致。 刀塔Plus更新除了现有的获取碎片方式，刀塔Plus会员还能通过2020年秋季的全新赛季任务获取最多57 850块碎片。 这些额外的碎片将成为入手赛季珍藏的助力。 刀塔Plus会员现在可以使用全新的定位助手英雄网格布局。 随着Dota社区为英雄找到不同的新套路，全新的定位助手会自动记录天梯定位比赛中每个英雄的挑选情况，而所有英雄会显示他们挑选次数最多的定位。 相关数据会根据近期走势自动更新，并且可以通过天梯排位筛选。勇士令状中也有不少功能移至刀塔Plus：我们还将拉黑玩家名单上的玩家数量从16个增加至25个。大家同享碎片我们想让所有玩家都享受到获取和消耗碎片的乐趣，所以对机制进行了更改，使碎片对所有玩家开放，而不仅是刀塔Plus会员专属。尽管获取碎片的最有效方式还是拥有刀塔Plus，不过我们对所有玩家开放了以下功能：公会更新我们在勇士令状期间重新推出了公会，也非常高兴地看到玩家踊跃参与，分享反馈。 现有公会全部保留，但由于许多奖励都是在勇士令状环境下才能生效。 对这些奖励都已进行重新设计，这样就能一直享受公会的乐趣。公会不再具有公会等级——现在是每个地区都有根据公会积分计算的每周排行榜。 每一周，公会成员都会获得他们新的公会排位，并领取相应的碎片奖励；刀塔Plus会员获得的碎片奖励翻倍。 公会的每周排行榜排名还会相应地提供随时间可能会有变更的特权： 目前的特权有：在每周结束时，现有的公会积分会扣除一定百分比。 这样新公会就有机会赶上已有的公会；但是，他们自然需要加倍努力才能追赶！ 我们想通过这个功能奖励每周都活跃于获取积分的公会——所以我们会不断关注，调整每周的衰减量来达成目标。 公会契约现在可以获取公会积分和碎片。 所有玩家每天都有一个契约栏位，刀塔Plus会员还会另有一个栏位。 公会挑战还是需要3名以上公会成员组队才能完成，并且会提供排行榜所需的公会积分。 在公会中游玩比赛可以获取公会积分，并且与公会伙伴组队还将拥有加成效果。所有玩家都可以加入公会，不过只有刀塔Plus会员可以创建公会。天梯赛季以往强制所有玩家同时重置积分时我们见到了很多反面效果。 这也是我们不愿意每半年重置一次的部分原因。 但我们近期表达了这个意愿后，也收到了很多玩家反馈说这个功能对他们非常宝贵，也对如何处理这个问题提出了很多建议。因此，我们将尝试全新的方法来重置天梯积分。 我们现在使重置积分变为可选状态，而对于想要重置的玩家，参与的时间段会进行分散，这样不会在同一时间产生过多波动（除了进入校准状态后已有的波动）。 希望这样能根除重置天梯积分的大部分缺点，让真正想重置的玩家能在更为稳定的环境中竞技。登录游戏后前往设置选项，在账号页面下有一个天梯积分校准版块。 为了阻止所有玩家在同一时间进行重新校准，起始时间会平均地分散到2020年10月22日至2020年11月22日，并且在赛季结束前可以随时选择开启。 在按钮可以点击后尽管点击按钮，或者在开启前先热好身，抑或是完全不点，一切由你做主。交流沟通社区一直想让我们多谈一点正在制作的内容。 对于这点，有很多原因使我们不愿意在有内容准备就绪之前就夸夸其谈，因为有时候计划容易变化，或者创意难以落实，等等。 有时我们也对发布日期没有把握，也不愿意给更新的内容设立虚假的期待，或者由于判断失误令人失望。也就是说，我们认识到有时我们需要将这种方式和社区对获取消息的渴望相平衡。 所以我们对下列话题将分享更多信息。首先是关于新英雄。 我们知道社区期待每年在秋季看到新英雄（通常是十一月左右的时间）。 而我们现在计划是在十一月底发布一名新英雄，接着明年会全年分开发布更多英雄，下一个将是明年第一季度。 近来我们在考虑尝试全局开发计划，将大更新分散到全年，而不是将大部分内容和更新集中在国际邀请赛前后。 希望稳定的内容产出相比之前的方法对玩家会更具吸引力。另一个我们一直致力的领域是玩家行为和恶劣行径整治。 其中有部分我们近期所做的没有附上更新日志，而还有部分还未推出的依然在开发中。 我们对检测开小号的系统进行了诸项优化，现在我们已开始将新玩家在匹配比赛时与普通玩家分开。 开小号的玩家现在更有可能只会匹配到其他开小号的玩家，这包括组队的玩家中只有一人是开小号的情况。 他们也有可能会继承到大号的负面行为分，限制住他们游玩时的负面行为。 我们还做了不少优化措施，帮助新用户尽快达到符合自身水平的匹配积分，不过这个方面还有许多工作要做。 我们有多种方法来解决目前的问题，不过现在都还在研究/试验阶段。我们还加大了封禁代练账号的力度，在近来数月改进了检测系统，封禁时更有把握不会误封。 在过去一个月里我们封禁了14000余个账号，并且搭建了系统进行持续封禁。 不过这个领域需要不断的工作和优化才能避免产生堆积，而其中还要依赖更为先进的检测手段，这些还依然处于早期研究/试验阶段。针对玩家的恶劣行径和破坏游戏的行为，我们在制作全新的监管系统，某种意义上与CS:GO的系统类似。 目前我们还无法分享更多信息，不过有内容更新后我们会尽快与大家交流。 希望这个系统能尽快进入游戏。最后一点，我们完成了一些引擎开发工作，能使多核CPU得到适当的性能优化，这些更新也即将进入Dota。 由于目前还会导致一些问题，所以我们还需要进行一些测试工作，不过我们计划在下周左右更新。 如预期一样，由于需要更改代码，更新可能会有点灵异哦。第10届国际邀请赛勇士令状活动已于今天圆满结束。 感谢所有玩家的大力参与，尽管今年没有队伍将神盾收入囊中，但Valve的所有同仁都希望各位还有各位的家人能够身体健康，我们期待未来大家能为TI10齐聚一堂。随着活动的结束，我们很高兴地宣布2020年票选至宝的投票结果。 今年社区为Dota 2中两位发紫的英雄，虚空假面和幽鬼，投下了上百万张票，而他们分别获得了24 948 538票和27 475 258票，因此今年的至宝得主是：幽鬼。 团队将着手设计契合幽鬼墨丘利的至宝，将她的暗黑能量引导成在此之前未有过想象的形态。 届时她的鬼影将如何笼罩猎物？ 她的折射又将如何侵蚀敌人？ 她用幽鬼之刃瞄准目标时又会闪耀何种致命的光芒？ 没错，紫色的，这是当然的，不过是深一点，还是浅一点呢？ 大家稍安勿躁，不论你喜欢的是薰衣草，梅子还是紫罗兰。 总有一天，所有问题（或许是一部分）会有答案的。另外，下周我们将对刀塔Plus进行一些更新。 更新内容包括公会的更新，全新刀塔Plus赛季，以及全新的天梯积分重置机制。 不朽宝藏III现已推出，其中内含帕格纳、发条技师、神谕者、树精卫士、矮人直升机和巫妖的全新物品。除了这些物品之外，每次解封宝藏时还将以不断增加的概率获得珍稀的50级勇士令状等级，非常珍稀的帕格纳物品的纯金版本，或珍稀超凡的凤凰翅膀。 而且还有珍稀绝伦的神圣纹章。勇士令状活动再延长3周，截至10月9日，届时将揭晓票选至宝的投票结果（提示：是一个机动性强的紫色近战核心）。 在最后的时间里，每个勇士令状玩家都可以按照七折的优惠价格购买两份60级的礼包。赶快前往勇士令状专题，查看珍藏内全新物品和自定义特效的预览效果。就连莱瑞蕾自己都不知道她与守护之风之间的联系到底是什么程度。 对自己的先人和最初的时光一无所知的她，要知道真相只能聆听周围阳光斑驳的森林流转的低语，或者是遮天蔽日的呼啸狂风。 但是随着她长大成人，她与守护之风的奇妙联系更加紧密，众人也更加担忧她的血统问题。 赶快穿上第10届国际邀请赛勇士令状推出的全新清风环佩至宝捆绑包，释放清风的力量。这个至宝捆绑包内含全新模型和基础物品，全新动作，定制蓄力槽和集中火力伤害计数，两个款式的周身清风特效，技能的基础和不朽特效均有变化，风行者以及她击杀敌方英雄的全新死亡特效以及超过500句至宝专属语音台词。 通过集中火力击杀敌人来累积到一定伤害后将解锁额外款式清风回响。前往清风环佩专题页面来了解更多内容。我们在近期注意到很多关于巡回赛现状的不满，我们也同意应该做好更多事情。 我们想利用这篇博文来回顾下之前发生的事情，我们当时的想法以及我们之后的计划。Covid-19全球疫情明朗化以后，我们曾发布了一篇博文，推迟国际邀请赛并开始挑选多个备选日期在全球多个国家预订场馆。 接着我们开始研究在不同的疫情环境下如何让国际邀请赛落地，希望国际邀请赛能尽快举办。 由于春季巡回赛赛事都无法举办，我们开始联系各个赛事主办方，想听听他们未来的计划。 其中部分主办方想利用三月到夏末这段空档期举办第三方赛事。到了夏季中期，各地疫情的形势依然不容乐观，我们非常担心对未来的巡回赛赛事和国际邀请赛造成巨大的冲击。 疫情遍布全世界意味着在一段时间内无法进行跨地区比赛，而我们看到全球其他比赛中某些国家的队伍由于出行限制和困难在获得参赛资格后却无法参赛。 我们已经设想过巡回赛赛事中可能会没有现场观众，但我们想至少能让所有队伍在跨地区大赛中全数集合。 我们觉得这是我们在为国际邀请赛分配巡回赛积分时非常重要的因素。 同时，我们也不确定国际邀请赛何时可以举办，而且鉴于我们需要相当长的准备期，疫情的蔓延使我们很难确定一个有把握的举办时间。 如果巡回赛赛事无法举办，或者无法连续举办，那样与国际邀请赛的维系实在太小，这对我们来说非常不利。 而且这样做还会需要一个巡回赛积分衰减系统，尽管这个系统本身不坏，但由于形势的变化导致赛季中期被迫突然加入衰减系统，这会产生额外的坏处。 况且我们也从不少主办方那听到他们对直播质量下降的担忧，或者是他们不愿在秋季举办巡回赛赛事。 尽管跨地区比赛或是和国际邀请赛的关联程度并非绝对的要求，但是我们觉得巡回赛是国际邀请赛的一个功能，也是面向粉丝的连贯产品，所以目前还是推迟较为稳妥。 考虑到这一点，我们的打算是空出接下来的几个月，让其他联赛赛事可以举办。 我们在过去一直是想让第三方赛事能存在于国际邀请赛之外（不过由于粉丝和选手不断要求增加更多在TI架构内的巡回赛，支持的力度也不断变化）。 我们希望巡回赛和国际邀请赛这两者通过这样能达到更为一致的关系，同时让第三方赛事也能具有一定影响力，总体上到了秋季粉丝们还是能看到有趣的赛事内容。在我们宣布不会依照计划立刻开始推进巡回赛后没多久，我们就收到很多来自粉丝的负面反馈。 我们认为其中很多观点都是合理的批评，特别是因为我们没有对外交流过我们的打算和他们对未来的预期。在马上到来的赛季，欧洲/独联体至少会有四个第三方赛事，中国会有三个，而其他有不少还在筹划初期，此时无法公开。 但由于目前的情势，依然无法覆盖到全球很多战队、解说、主办方和粉丝，而没有好好推动这些赛事，给予足够的支持都是我们的过错。认识到这一点后，我们已经开始联系更多的赛事主办方，为他们提供各种帮助和财务上的支持，希望能在今年剩下的时间里尽量覆盖到全球玩家。 我们预计这些赛事在准备就绪后会逐一对粉丝和战队进行宣布。我们从选手和粉丝们收到的另一个反馈是想更清楚地了解我们对巡回赛和国际邀请赛举办时间的想法。 我们目前是预期在2021年第1个月或者前两个月重启巡回赛。 我们希望在第一个巡回赛联赛结束时，不会突然出现出行限制，也不会出现管制情况，这样跨地区赛事的甲级联赛得以举办。 另外，我们也围绕着国际邀请赛依然能于2021年8月在斯德哥尔摩举办的设想继续运作。 虽然我们也有其他国家作为备选，但我们明白，如果换到其他地方并不能提早太多的时间，那只会让粉丝们失望。我们也听取了大家对于DotaTV直播权的反馈和担忧。 这在过去我们已经公开讨论过一次，而我们收集到更多数据之后，我们的观点已有所改变。 我们还是认为，社区主播奉献他们对赛事的解说对粉丝和职业比赛都具有正向的净价值。 我们也认为在长期内，赛事也会通过社区主播的粉丝得到更多曝光，从而受益。 但是，这的确会使赛事主办方蒙受短期的损失，营利上有所下降。 从9月15日起，Dota许可证将会更新如下：举办Dota 2联赛的主办方将提供给社区主播一套合理且简单的非营利性需求，例如在直播流中展示主办方赞助商，或为解说比赛设置延迟。 社区主播将可以在他们的直播中使用DotaTV的画面，只要他们同意提出的要求。 我们认为这能让社区主播在解说时更加明确，也更加有把握，不会产生很多混乱问题，同时也能保护赛事主办方的部分核心利益。 为了避免在最后一刻可能出现问题，我们想建议主播在直播赛事前先联系主办方，确保自己能满足提出的所有要求。 赛事主办方和有关方面若有任何疑问，请随时联系我们[email protected]。来自玩具箱的深处，骇人的玩物加入了战场。 所有勇士令状达到255级的玩家都可以领取全新的帕吉身心——玩具屠夫，具有全新模型，动作和配音演绎。玩具箱的绒毛玩具居民中最令人惧怕的，就是笼罩着箱中角落和阴影的玩具屠夫。他总是在寻找他的下一场杀戮。 每一个玩具都知道，一旦被屠夫的钩子碰到，填料和生命就会被没收，剩下的散落一地，而毛绒怪物会开心地迈过破烂的残骸。领取勇士令状内的全新身心时也别落下国际邀请赛之声播音包，播音包已对所有勇士令状达到75级的玩家开放，助你通报下一场胜利。Don't have a Steam account?  You can create an account for free.La stagione autunnale è alle porte e siamo felici di annunciare gli aggiornamenti di Dota Plus e delle gilde. La stagione inizia oggi e durerà fino all’inizio di dicembre 2020.Tesoro Autunnale 2020I membri di Dota Plus ora possono acquistare un nuovo tesoro usando i frammenti. Questo tesoro include 12 set creati dalla Comunità per Nyx Assassin, Leshrac, Medusa, Vengeful Spirit, Weaver, Clockwerk, Faceless Void, Doom, Sven, Axe, Crystal Maiden e Tusk. Inoltre, include la reintroduzione delle gemme eteree e prismatiche: il corriere molto raro Pulcino Ardente sarà già equipaggiato con una gemma casuale di ciascuno dei due tipi. Il nostro piano al momento è di presentare ogni 3 mesi un nuovo tesoro stagionale acquistabile con i frammenti. Il prossimo tesoro sarà disponibile il primo dicembre e poi ogni 3 mesi a partire da quella data. Ciò si allineerà alle missioni e ai terreni stagionali. Aggiornamenti di Dota PlusIn aggiunta ai modi esistenti di guadagnare frammenti, i membri di Dota Pus possono guadagnarne fino a 57.850 da una nuova stagione di missioni per l’autunno 2020. Questi frammenti extra vi daranno i fondi necessari per approfittare del tesoro stagionale. I membri di Dota Plus ora possono usare il nuovo Assistente dei ruoli per schierare gli Eroi sulla griglia. Mentre la Comunità di Dota trova nuovi modi per utilizzare gli Eroi, il nuovo Assistente dei ruoli registra automaticamente le scelte relative a tutti gli Eroi nella ricerca delle partite classificate e mostra gli Eroi nei ruoli in cui vengono selezionati più spesso. Questi dati vengono aggiornati automaticamente in modo da evidenziare i trend più recenti e si possono filtrare per livello di abilità (MMR).Molte delle funzionalità del Pass Battaglia, inoltre, ora fanno parte di Dota Plus:Inoltre, abbiamo aumentato da 16 a 25 il numero di giocatori che è possibile inserire nella lista dei giocatori da evitare.Frammenti per tuttiVogliamo che tutti i giocatori si divertano guadagnando e spendendo frammenti, quindi abbiamo modificato questa valuta in modo che sia disponibile per tutti i giocatori e non solo per quelli di Dota Plus.Anche se il modo più efficiente per guadagnare frammenti è avere Dota Plus, abbiamo abilitato il seguente sottogruppo di funzionalità per tutti i giocatori:Aggiornamenti delle gildeAbbiamo reintrodotto le gilde durante il Pass Battaglia e siamo stati felici di vedere quanti giocatori abbiano partecipato alle gilde e ci abbiano inviato i loro commenti. Stiamo mantenendo le gilde esistenti, ma molte delle ricompense ottenute funzionavano solamente nel contesto del Pass Battaglia. Abbiamo riprogettato quelle funzionalità in modo che ci si possa divertire giocando con la propria gilda in qualunque momento.Le gilde non hanno più un Livello gilda, che è stato sostituito da una classifica settimanale dei punti gilda guadagnati in una data regione. Una volta a settimana, i membri delle gilde riceveranno il loro nuovo grado della gilda e potranno ricevere una ricompensa in frammenti. I membri di Dota Plus otterranno una quantità doppia di frammenti. La posizione nella classifica settimanale della gilda determina anche l’accesso a ricompense speciali che potrebbero cambiare nel corso del tempo. Il set di ricompense corrente è:Alla fine della settimana, tutti i punti gilda esistenti decadranno di una percentuale. In questo modo, le nuove gilde potranno recuperare terreno su quelle esistenti, anche se ovviamente dovranno lavorare sodo per raggiungere le migliori! Vogliamo che questa funzionalità ricompensi le gilde attive e impegnate che lavorano insieme ogni settimana per guadagnare punti. Per raggiungere questo scopo, terremo d’occhio e regoleremo il decadimento in percentuale settimanale. I contratti delle gilde ora fanno guadagnare sia punti gilda che frammenti. Tutti i giocatori hanno accesso a uno slot per contratti al giorno, i membri di Dota Plus ne hanno a disposizione due. Le sfide delle gilde sono ancora completate in gruppi di 3 o più membri della gilda e fanno guadagnare punti gilda validi per la classifica. Giocare a una partita insieme a una gilda fa guadagnare punti gilda, con bonus per chi è in gruppo con i propri compagni di gilda.Tutti i giocatori possono unirsi a una gilda, ma solo i membri di Dota Plus possono crearne una.Stagione classificataIn passato abbiamo notato diversi aspetti negativi nel costringere tutti a resettare il proprio livello di abilità allo stesso momento. Questo è in parte il motivo per cui siamo riluttanti a continuare a resettare il livello ogni 6 mesi. Tuttavia, dopo aver parlato recentemente di questa riluttanza, abbiamo ricevuto molti commenti su quanto sia importante questa funzionalità per i giocatori, insieme a vari suggerimenti su come affrontare la questione.Per questa stagione, tenteremo un nuovo approccio con il reset del livello di abilità. Il reset diventerà opzionale e, per coloro che vorranno partecipare, sarà più spalmato nel tempo, in modo da non creare troppa instabilità allo stesso momento (che si aggiunge a quella che si verifica quando si inizia la calibrazione). Speriamo che questo approccio rimuoverà la maggior parte degli svantaggi del reset del livello di abilità e che regalerà agli utenti che vogliono partecipare un’esperienza più stabile.La nuova sezione per la ricalibrazione del livello di abilità si trova nelle impostazioni, sotto la scheda Account, dopo aver effettuato l’accesso. Per evitare che tutti effettuino la ricalibrazione allo stesso momento, la consentiremo in più momenti dal 22 ottobre al 22 novembre 2020 e poi in qualunque momento dopo la fine della stagione. Premete il pulsante nel momento stesso in cui si attiverà, non premetelo affatto oppure fate un po’ di pratica in vista delle partite competitive prima di premerlo.ComunicazioneLa Comunità ci ha chiesto di parlare di più delle cose su cui stiamo lavorando. Ci sono diversi motivi per i quali tendiamo a non parlarne prima di essere pronti a rilasciare qualcosa: piani che cambiano, idee che non si concretizzano, ecc. A volte abbiamo le idee poco chiare sulle date e non vogliamo alimentare speranze sugli obiettivi di un aggiornamento oppure deludere gli utenti se le stime si rivelano sbagliate.Detto ciò, ci rendiamo conto che a volte dobbiamo bilanciare questo approccio con il desiderio da parte della Comunità di ricevere maggiori informazioni. Ecco dunque delle informazioni aggiuntive su alcuni argomenti.Innanzitutto, i nuovi Eroi. Sappiamo che la Comunità di solito si aspetta nuovi Eroi nell’autunno di ogni anno (di solito verso novembre). Al momento, la nostra idea è di rilasciare dei nuovi Eroi alla fine di novembre e altri nel corso del prossimo anno, con il primo rilascio che dovrebbe avvenire entro i primi tre mesi del 2021. Di recente abbiamo pensato di provare un approccio di sviluppo generale consistente nello spalmare gli aggiornamenti nel corso dell’anno, invece che concentrare nuovi contenuti e aggiornamenti nel periodo del The International. Speriamo che l’introduzione più costante di nuovi contenuti sia più coinvolgente per i giocatori rispetto agli approcci precedenti.Un’altra area su cui abbiamo lavorato ultimamente è il comportamento e la tossicità dei giocatori. Alcuni elementi sono stati discussi pubblicamente di recente al di fuori delle note delle patch, mentre altri sono ancora in fase di sviluppo. Abbiamo effettuato dei miglioramenti ai nostri sistemi di rilevazione degli smurf (utenti veterani che creano nuovi account) e, di conseguenza, abbiamo iniziato a separare i nuovi account che fanno il loro ingresso nel pool dei nuovi giocatori. Ora è molto più probabile che gli account smurf vengano associati solo ad altri account dello stesso tipo. Questo include gruppi in cui un solo giocatore è uno smurf. È anche probabile che questi account ereditino i punteggi dovuti a un comportamento negativo del loro account alternativo, in modo da limitare il loro impatto negativo quando giocano. Abbiamo anche effettuato alcuni miglioramenti volti a inserire più rapidamente i nuovi account nel livello di abilità corretto. Tuttavia, c’è dell’altro lavoro da fare su questo aspetto. Ci sono un paio di approcci su cui stiamo lavorando, ma al momento sono ancora in uno stato di ricerca/sperimentale.Abbiamo anche iniziato ad aumentare i ban degli account booster (account che manipolano il livello di abilità di altri giocatori) grazie al miglioramento negli ultimi mesi dei relativi sistemi di rilevazione e alla maggiore sicurezza nella nostra abilità di bandire i giocatori coinvolti. Negli ultimi 30 giorni abbiamo bandito oltre 14.000 account e abbiamo impostato dei sistemi per continuare a bandire i giocatori colpevoli di boosting. Questa è un’area che ha bisogno di lavoro e miglioramenti costanti per continuare a fare progressi, alcuni dei quali saranno aiutati da metodi di rilevazione più avanzati che sono anch’essi ancora in uno stato di ricerca/sperimentale.In termini di tossicità e comportamenti che rovinano il gioco, stiamo lavorando su un nuovo sistema in stile Sorveglianza, in un certo senso simile a quello di CS:GO. Non siamo ancora pronti a condividere maggiori informazioni su questo sistema, ma lo faremo non appena possibile. Speriamo di introdurlo nel gioco il prima possibile.Infine, abbiamo lavorato allo sviluppo del motore di gioco, ottenendo miglioramenti moderati delle prestazioni su CPU multi-core che verranno applicati a Dota. Dovremo svolgere ancora alcuni test, poiché potrebbero provocare dei bug, ma prevediamo di terminare all’incirca la settimana prossima. Come potete immaginarvi, viste le modifiche al codice necessarie, il rilascio potrebbe essere un po’ instabile.A temporada de Outono chegou e estamos animados em anunciar atualizações para o Dota + e clãs. A temporada começa hoje e vai até o início de dezembro de 2020.Tesouro Outonal de 2020Agora, assinantes do Dota + podem usar os seus fragmentos para comprar um novo tesouro. Este tesouro inclui 12 conjuntos criados pela comunidade para os seguintes heróis: Nyx Assassin, Leshrac, Medusa, Vengeful Spirit, Weaver, Clockwerk, Faceless Void, Doom, Sven, Axe, Crystal Maiden e Tusk. Além disso, o tesouro também traz de volta as gemas Etéreas e Prismáticas, com uma de cada pré-equipada aleatoriamente no entregador muito raro “Filhote Ardente”. O nosso plano é disponibilizar um novo tesouro sazonal para compra com fragmentos a cada três meses. O próximo tesouro ficará disponível no dia 1º de dezembro, e assim sucessivamente a cada três meses. Esse também será o mesmo período para novos terrenos e missões sazonais. Atualizações para o Dota +Além das formas atuais para obtenção de fragmentos, assinantes do Dota + também podem obter até 57.850 fragmentos com a nova temporada de missões do Outono de 2020. Estes fragmentos adicionais farão a diferença para aproveitar o tesouro sazonal. Agora, assinantes do Dota + podem usar a nova grade de heróis do assistente de funções. Conforme a comunidade do Dota encontra maneiras novas e diferentes de jogar com os heróis, o novo assistente de funções registra automaticamente as seleções de todos os heróis na criação de partidas competitivas baseadas em funções e os exibe nas funções mais escolhidas. Tais dados são atualizados automaticamente para destacar as últimas tendências e podem ser filtrados pela classificação MMR.Além disso, diversos recursos do passe de batalha foram movidos para o Dota +:Também aumentamos de 16 para 25 a quantidade máxima de jogadores que podem ser adicionados à sua lista de jogadores a serem evitados.Fragmentos para todo mundoGostaríamos que todos tivessem a oportunidade de obter e gastar fragmentos, então fizemos uma alteração para que este recurso fique disponível para todos os jogadores, em vez de ser algo exclusivo do Dota +. Embora a maneira mais eficiente de obter fragmentos seja através do Dota +, liberamos o seguinte conjunto de recursos para todos os jogadores:Atualização para os clãsReintroduzimos os clãs durante o passe de batalha, e ficamos felizes em ver quantos jogadores participaram desses grupos e compartilharam as suas opiniões conosco. Estamos mantendo os clãs atuais, mas diversas recompensas só funcionavam no contexto do passe de batalha. Reformulamos tais recursos para que você possa continuar se divertindo com o seu clã, o tempo inteiro.Agora, clãs não possuem mais níveis numéricos — em vez disso, criamos uma classificação semanal com os pontos de clã obtidos na respectiva região. Uma vez por semana, membros do clã receberão uma nova classificação de clã e poderão resgatar fragmentos; assinantes do Dota + recebem o dobro dessa quantia. A colocação semanal de um clã nas classificações também dá acesso a novas vantagens, que podem mudar ao longo do tempo. Atualmente, estas são as vantagens:Ao fim da semana, todos os pontos de clã serão reduzidos em uma porcentagem. Desta forma, novos clãs terão a chance de alcançar clãs veteranos; entretanto, terão que trabalhar duro para chegar no topo! Queremos que este recurso recompense clãs ativos e engajados, trabalhando em conjunto semana a semana para obter pontos — com isso em mente, monitoraremos e ajustaremos o decaimento semanal para atender a esse objetivo. Agora, contratos de clãs fornecem pontos de clã e fragmentos. Todos os jogadores têm acesso a um espaço de contrato por dia, e assinantes do Dota + têm acesso a um segundo espaço. Desafios de clã ainda podem ser cumpridos em grupos de três ou mais membros do clã, concedendo pontos para a colocação nas classificações. Disputar partidas fornece pontos de clã enquanto membro de um, ganhando pontos adicionais ao se juntar com outros membros do clã.Todos os jogadores podem participar de clãs, mas somente assinantes do Dota + podem criá-los.Temporada competitivaNo passado, vimos diversos aspectos negativos relacionados a forçar a redefinição de MMR de todos os jogadores ao mesmo tempo. Isso tem sido parte da nossa relutância em continuar com este processo a cada seis meses. No entanto, após expressarmos esse sentimento recentemente, recebemos muitos comentários sobre como as pessoas consideram essa funcionalidade importante, além de várias sugestões sobre como podemos trabalhar nisso.Desta forma, experimentaremos uma nova forma de resetar MMRs. Estamos tornando a redefinição de MMR opcional, e para quem quiser participar, espalharemos as datas para não criar muita volatilidade de uma vez só (além da volatilidade já existente ao iniciar a calibração). Esperamos que isso remova boa parte do lado negativo da redefinição de MMR, além de propiciar um ambiente um pouco mais estável para aqueles que desejarem passar pelo processo.Ao iniciar a sua sessão, você pode acessar as Configurações, onde colocamos uma nova seção de Recalibração de MMR na aba “Conta”. Para impedir que todos recalibrem de uma só vez, as datas de início serão espaçadas entre 22 de outubro e 22 de novembro de 2020, podendo ser ativada a qualquer momento até o término da temporada. Quando o botão estiver disponível para você, fique à vontade para apertá-lo, nunca apertá-lo ou treinar no modo competitivo antes de ativá-lo.ComunicaçãoA comunidade tem solicitado uma comunicação mais aberta sobre as coisas nas quais estamos trabalhando. Há diversos motivos que nos fazem evitar expor tais coisas até que tenhamos algo pronto para ser lançado, pois algumas vezes há mudanças de planos, uma ideia não chega a um produto final, entre outros. Às vezes, também não temos certeza em relação a datas, não queremos criar falsas expectativas sobre o escopo de uma atualização ou desapontar a comunidade com estimativas erradas.Com isso dito, reconhecemos que às vezes precisamos balancear esse pensamento com o anseio da comunidade por informações. Portanto, compartilharemos informações sobre alguns tópicos abaixo.Comecemos pelos novos heróis. Sabemos que a comunidade costuma esperar novos heróis nesse período todos os anos (geralmente por volta de novembro). Estamos planejando lançar um novo herói no fim de novembro, seguido de outros espalhados ao longo do próximo ano (com o próximo sendo lançado no primeiro trimestre de 2021). Recentemente, pensamos em tentar uma nova abordagem de desenvolvimento distribuindo atualizações ao longo do ano, em vez de centralizarmos a maioria do conteúdo e atualizações em torno do International. Imaginamos que atualizações mais bem distribuídas sejam mais atrativas para os usuários do que as iterações anteriores.Outra área na qual trabalhamos recentemente é o comportamento de jogadores e toxicidade. Já fizemos alguns ajustes na versão atual do jogo sem descrevê-los em atualizações, mas ainda há outras coisas em desenvolvimento. Aprimoramos os sistemas de detecção de smurfs (jogadores experientes usando contas de nível inferior) e como resultado começamos a impedir que novas contas possam ser pareadas com jogadores normais e novatos. Agora, contas de smurfs têm uma chance muito maior de jogar somente com outros smurfs, incluindo grupos onde apenas um jogador é smurf. Eles também têm grandes chances de herdar pontuações comportamentais negativas das suas contas alternativas, limitando o impacto negativo dentro do jogo. Também fizemos mais alguns ajustes para que novas contas atinjam o seu MMR correto mais rapidamente, embora ainda haja mais a ser feito nesse quesito. Temos algumas abordagens para lidar com isso e já estamos trabalhando, mas no momento ainda estão na fase de pesquisa/experimentação.Também estivemos banindo mais contas “boostadas” (quando outra pessoa sobe o nível da conta através de transferências), conforme aprimoramos os sistemas de detecção nos últimos meses e ganhamos mais confiança para emitir esses banimentos. Nos últimos 30 dias, banimos mais de 14.000 contatos, e configuramos os sistemas para continuar banindo contas boostadas daqui em diante. Mas esta área requer monitoramentos e ajustes constantes para não estagnar, e métodos de detecção mais avançados, que também estão nas fases iniciais de pesquisa/experimentação, podem trazer benefícios.Falando de toxicidade e comportamentos disruptivos por parte de jogadores, estamos trabalhando em um sistema de certa forma similar à Fiscalização do CS:GO. Não estamos prontos para compartilhar mais informações a respeito disso no momento, mas o faremos assim que pudermos. Esperamos lançar isso no jogo o mais rápido possível.Por fim, fizemos melhorias na nossa engine que resultaram em pequenos aprimoramentos de desempenho em CPUs multinúcleo, e traremos isso ao Dota. Ainda há alguns testes a serem feitos, pois há a chance de aparecem alguns problemas, mas esperamos lançar por volta da próxima semana. Como já era de se esperar, devido às alterações no código, o lançamento pode ser um pouco assustador.Don't have a Steam account?  You can create an account for free.We’ve heard a lot of complaints recently about the state of DPC and we agree that there is more that we should do. We wanted to use this blog to walk you through what happened before, what our thoughts were, and what we will do going forward.Once the extent of the Covid-19 pandemic became clear, we posted about our plans to delay The International and started pre-booking arenas for various alternative dates and countries around the world. We then began researching how to execute The International based on how different pandemic scenarios could play out, with the hope that we’d be able to host it as soon as possible. Since the spring DPC events could no longer operate anymore, we started reaching out to the organizers to see what they wanted to do going forward. Some of those organizers shared their desires to run third party events to cover the period from March through the end of the summer.As we approached the middle of the summer, the volatility of the pandemic had grown significantly and we became very concerned about the impact it would have on future DPC events and The International. The global situation meant that cross regional play would be unlikely for a period of time, and we have since seen scenarios globally in other competitions where teams from certain countries had to be excluded after qualifying due to abrupt travel restrictions and complications. While we had already assumed that having a crowd for the DPC events was not in the cards, we wanted to at least have confidence in being able to bring all teams together for cross region competition. We felt that was a very important component of how we allocate DPC points for The International. We were also unsure of when The International itself would happen, and given the significant lead time needed, the increased spread of the virus made it harder to model out a time frame with confidence. The potential for the DPC season and its narrative feeling too detached from the path towards The International was negative for us. Doing that would also necessitate a DPC point decay system, which in and of itself isn’t a bad thing, but having to abruptly introduce decay mid season if the landscape changes has some additional downsides. Furthermore, we had also received some feedback from a couple of organizers that were either worried about the quality of the broadcast being lower or reluctant to want to operate DPC events in the fall altogether. While neither the cross-region competition nor the relative distance to The International are absolute requirements, we felt the DPC as both a function of The International and also as a coherent product for fans would be better served by holding off on them for now. Given that, our plan was that we’d make the upcoming months open and clear for other leagues and events to operate. Our approach historically has been to want third party tournaments to be able to exist outside of The International (though the degree of that has been fluid over the years as demands from fans and players for more structured circuits to lead to TI increased). Our hope was that we could both achieve a better and more coherent relationship between DPC and TI by approaching it this way as well as still allowing for third party events to have an impact, with the overall end result for fans still being that there would be entertaining content to watch in the fall.Soon after we announced that we were not immediately proceeding with DPC as planned, we received a lot of negative feedback from fans. We think that a lot of the points that were raised were reasonable criticisms towards us, especially because we did not communicate what our intentions were, and what they could expect in the future.For this upcoming competitive season, there are going to be at least four third party events and leagues in EU/CIS events, three in China, and a few others that are still in the preliminary planning stages and are not able to commit at this time. However, there are still going to be a lot of teams, casters, organizers and fans around the world that are not going to be meaningfully served based on the current trajectory and that is our fault for not pushing on those and supporting them enough.With that in mind, we’ve started reaching out to many more tournament organizers to offer help and financial support in order to be able to create increased coverage globally for the remainder of the year. We expect that these events will be gradually announced over the remaining season as soon as they are ready to communicate to fans and teams.Another piece of feedback we got from players as well as fans was wanting more clarity in what we were thinking were the likely dates for DPC and TI to resume. Our outlook right now is that we are anticipating the start of DPC to be in the first month or two of 2021. Our hope is that by the time the first DPC league concludes, travel limitations will be more predictable and spontaneous restrictions will be less likely, thus allowing for Majors with cross-region competition to happen. We are also operating under the assumption that the most likely outcome is for The International to happen in Stockholm in August 2021. While we have other countries as backups, we recognize that fans would be upset if we moved it to another location if the time savings weren’t meaningful enough.We’ve also heard your feedback and concerns around Dota TV streaming rights. This has been a topic we’ve discussed openly in the past and, as we gathered more data, our thoughts have evolved slightly. We ultimately still believe that community streamers providing their own commentary of a tournament is a net positive value to fans and the competitive scene. We also believe that in the long term, the tournament themselves benefit from additional exposure to fans of those community streamers. However, it is true that this can cause a short term loss of revenue as well as a reduced ability to monetize more effectively for tournament organizers. Starting September 15, the Dota license will be updated to reflect the following: Organizers that run Dota 2 Tournaments will have to provide community streamers with a reasonable and simple to execute set of non-monetary requirements, such as displaying the organizers sponsors on their streams or having a slight delay on the games. Community streamers will be able to use the DotaTV feed in their broadcast as long as they agree to those requirements. We believe this will provide more certainty and confidence to community streamers to be able to cast without a lot of turmoil, while at the same time protecting some key interests that tournament organizers have. To avoid possible last minute issues, we would advise casters that want to stream a tournament, to coordinate with the organizer in advance to ensure they are able to fulfill the requirements presented. Tournament organizers and relevant parties that have questions, feel free to reach out to us at [email protected]We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.Don't have a Steam account?  You can create an account for free.Ya está aquí la temporada de otoño y nos complace anunciar las actualizaciones de Dota Plus y los clanes. La temporada comienza hoy y durará hasta principios de diciembre de 2020.Tesoro otoñal 2020Los miembros de Dota Plus ahora pueden comprar un tesoro nuevo con fragmentos. Este tesoro incluye 12 sets creados por la comunidad para Nyx Assassin, Leshrac, Medusa, Vengeful Spirit, Weaver, Clockwerk, Faceless Void, Doom, Sven, Axe, Crystal Maiden y Tusk. Además, incluye la reintroducción de Gemas Etéreas y Prismáticas, con el muy raro mensajero Blazing Hatchling que ya viene equipado con una gema aleatoria de cada una de ellas. Nuestro plan en este momento es tener un nuevo tesoro estacional que se pueda comprar con fragmentos cada 3 meses. El próximo tesoro estará disponible el 1 de diciembre y, a partir de ahí, otro nuevo cada 3 meses. Esto también se alineará con las misiones y terrenos estacionales. Actualizaciones de Dota PlusAdemás de las formas existentes de ganar fragmentos, los miembros de Dota Plus pueden ganar hasta 57 850 en una nueva temporada de misiones para el otoño de 2020. Estos fragmentos adicionales te dan la moneda que necesitas para aprovechar el tesoro estacional. Los miembros de Dota Plus ahora pueden usar el nuevo Asistente de roles para colocar a los héroes en la cuadrícula. Según la comunidad de Dota vaya encontrando nuevas y diferentes formas de jugar con los héroes, el nuevo Asistente de roles irá registrando automáticamente las elecciones de cada héroe en el emparejamiento clasificatorio con roles y mostrará a los héroes en los roles en los que son más elegidos. Estos datos se actualizan automáticamente para resaltar las últimas tendencias y se pueden filtrar por clasificación de MMR.Varias características del pase de batalla también se han incluido en Dota Plus:También hemos aumentado de 16 a 25 el número de jugadores que pueden aparecer en la lista de jugadores a evitar.Fragmentos para todosQueremos que todos los jugadores disfruten de ganar y usar los fragmentos, así que hemos cambiado la divisa para que esté a disposición de todos los jugadores, en lugar de que sea una exclusiva de Dota Plus.Aunque la manera más efectiva de obtener fragmentos sea tener Dota Plus, hemos habilitado el siguiente subconjunto de características para que estén a disposición de todos los jugadores:Actualizaciones de clanHemos reintroducido los clanes durante el pase de batalla, y nos ha complacido ver cuántos jugadores participaron en los clanes y compartieron sus experiencias con nosotros. Mantendremos los clanes existentes, pero muchas de las recompensas recibidas solo funcionaron en el contexto del pase de batalla. Hemos rediseñado esas características para que puedas disfrutar jugando con tu clan todo el tiempo.Los clanes ya no tendrán un nivel de clan; en lugar de ello ahora se cuenta con un marcador semanal de puntos de clan en cada región determinada. Una vez por semana, los miembros de los clanes recibirán su nueva clasificación de clan y podrán reclamar una recompensa de fragmentos; los miembros de Dota Plus obtienen el doble de la cantidad de fragmentos. Una posición en el marcador semanal de clanes también determina el acceso a ventajas especiales que podrían cambiar con el tiempo. El conjunto actual de ventajas es:Al final de la semana, todos los puntos del clan existentes se reducirán en un porcentaje. Esto es para que los nuevos clanes tengan la oportunidad de nivelarse con los clanes existentes; sin embargo ¡ellos naturalmente tendrán que trabajar mucho para alcanzar a los líderes! Queremos que esta característica recompense a los clanes activos y comprometidos en trabajar juntos semana a semana para obtener puntos; tomando esto en consideración, vamos a controlar y ajustar el declive semanal para lograr ese objetivo. Los contratos de clanes ahora reciben tanto puntos de clanes como fragmentos. Todos los jugadores tienen acceso a un espacio de contrato al día, y los miembros de Dota Plus tienen acceso a un segundo espacio. Los desafíos de clanes aún se completan en grupos de 3 o más miembros del clan, y obtienen puntos de clan por su posición en el marcador. Al jugar una partida cuando estás en un clan, obtienes puntos de clan, con bonificaciones por estar en grupos con tus compañeros de clan.Todos los jugadores pueden participar en un clan, pero solo los miembros de Dota Plus pueden crearlos.Temporada competitivaEn el pasado, hemos visto varios aspectos negativos que forzaban a todos a reiniciar su MMR al mismo tiempo. Esto ha contribuido a nuestra renuencia de continuar reiniciando cada 6 meses. Pero después de haber expresado esta preocupación, hemos recibido bastantes opiniones acerca del valor que tiene su funcionalidad junto con varias sugerencias de cómo lidiar con el tema.Por esta razón, vamos a probar una manera distinta de lidiar con los reinicios de MMR. De ahora en adelante, el reinicio de MMR es opcional. Para aquellos que lo quieran realizar, se hará repartido en el tiempo para que no cree demasiada inestabilidad (además de la que ya existe durante la calibración). Esperemos que esto elimine la mayoría de las desventajas que causaba el reinicio de MMR y que la gente que esté realmente interesada en hacerlo tenga un entorno un poco más estable.Después de ingresar, puedes ir a tus Preferencias y dentro de la pestaña de Cuenta encontrarás una nueva sección de calibración de MMR. Para prevenir que todo el mundo recalibre al mismo tiempo, las fechas de inicio tendrán intervalos entre el 22 de octubre y el 22 de noviembre de 2020, y se podrá activar en cualquier momento hasta que termine la temporada. No dudes en usar ese botón en el momento en que esté disponible para ti, o si prefieres un pequeño calentamiento competitivo antes de activarlo.ComunicaciónLa comunidad ha querido hablar con nosotros un poco más respecto a las cosas en las que estamos trabajando. Hay una variedad de razones por las que no atendemos esos detalles hasta que algo esté listo para ser lanzado, o que una idea no se desarrolle en algo que valga la pena, etc. A veces ni siquiera nosotros estamos seguros de las fechas, no queremos crear falsas expectativas sobre la calidad de una actualización o decepcionar si nuestras estimaciones eran incorrectas.Dicho esto, reconocemos que a veces necesitamos balancear esa visión con la información que la comunidad desea que le demos. Así que a continuación compartiremos más información sobre algunos temas.Primero, en lo que se refiere a los nuevos héroes. Sabemos que la comunidad espera nuevos héroes todos los años en otoño (usualmente los lanzados en algún momento en noviembre). Actualmente tenemos como meta finales de noviembre para el lanzamiento de un nuevo héroe, seguido de otros que aparecerán durante el próximo año, con el primero de ellos en el primer trimestre. Recientemente hemos estado pensando en probar un enfoque de desarrollo general para repartir las actualizaciones durante el año, en lugar de solamente tener la mayor parte del contenido y actualizaciones en torno a The International. Esperamos que la distribución de actualizaciones sea más atractiva que los enfoques anteriores para los usuarios.Otra área en la que hemos estado trabajando es en el comportamiento y toxicidad de los jugadores. Parte de ello han sido ajustes que hemos hecho en la versión actual sin notas de parche, aunque algunas partes todavía están en desarrollo. Hemos logrado mejoras en nuestros sistemas de detección de cuentas de expertos y, como resultado, hemos comenzado a evitar el ingreso de cuentas nuevas entre el grupo de jugadores con un nivel normal y nuevos. Ahora las cuentas de expertos tienen más probabilidades de jugar solo con otros expertos, incluyendo grupos en los que solo un jugador es experto. También es más probable que estos hereden puntos por comportamiento negativo de sus cuentas alternativas, para limitar su impacto negativo cuando jueguen. También hemos hecho unas cuantas mejoras más en hacer que las cuentas nuevas pasen a sus MMR correctos con mayor rapidez, aunque aún hay mucho que hacer al respecto. Tenemos un par de enfoques por resolver en los que estamos trabajando, pero en estos momentos están en la etapa experimental y de investigación.También hemos fortalecido nuestro bloqueo de cuentas de bonificación, en la medida en que en los últimos meses hemos mejorado los sistemas de detección y obtenido mayor confianza en la habilidad de bloquearlas. En los últimos 30 días hemos bloqueado más de 14 000 cuentas, y hemos establecido sistemas para bloquear continuamente e impulsar nuestro progreso. Sin embargo, esta es un área que necesita de constante trabajo y mejoras para que no se estanque, y en parte se beneficiará de métodos de detección más avanzados que también están en etapas tempranas de investigación y experimentación.En términos de toxicidad y comportamientos que echen a perder el juego por parte de los jugadores, estamos trabajando en un nuevo sistema estilo Overwatch, similar en muchas maneras al de CS:GO. No estamos listos para ofrecer más información sobre este asunto, pero lo haremos tan pronto como podamos. Esperamos tener esto disponible en el juego lo antes posible.Finalmente, hemos trabajado en el desarrollo del motor que ha resultado en mejoras moderadas en el rendimiento de las CPU de núcleo múltiple y las aplicaremos a Dota. Todavía hay unas pocas pruebas por hacer, ya que puede dar algunos fallos, pero apuntamos hacia la próxima semana. Como es de esperar, dados los cambios de código necesarios, el lanzamiento podría ser un poco espeluznante.Сегодня закончилось действие боевого пропуска The International 10. Мы благодарим всех, кто принял участие в этом сезоне. И хоть в этому году нам не довелось увидеть, как команда поднимает Эгиду чемпионов над головой, сотрудники Valve желают вам и вашим семьям здоровья и ждут вас на TI10!Мы бы хотели закрыть этот сезон, объявив победителя голосования за Arcana-предмет в 2020 году. Сообщество выбирало между Faceless Void и Spectre, двумя самыми фиолетовыми героями Dota 2. Проигравший герой набрал 23 048 538 голосов, а победивший — 27 475 258, и им оказалась Spectre! Наша команда создаст для Меркуриал дизайн, достойный Arcana-предмета, чтобы её тёмная энергия приняла невиданную доколе форму. Какое наваждение ждёт её жертв? Как будут преломляться усилия врагов? Каким цветом Spectre будет сиять, прицеливаясь своим спектральным кинжалом? Конечно же, фиолетовым, но каким именно оттенком? Держитесь покрепче, пурпурные победители, сиреневые силачи и любители лаванды. Со временем вы получите ответы на все (ну, или почти все) эти вопросы.А на следующей неделе вас ждёт несколько обновлений Dota Plus, включая начало нового сезона, изменения гильдий и новый механизм сброса рейтинга. Начинается осенний сезон, и мы с радостью объявляем об обновлениях Dota Plus и системы гильдий. Сезон начинается сегодня и продлится до начала декабря 2020 года.Осенняя сокровищница 2020Теперь подписчики Dota Plus могут приобрести за осколки новую сокровищницу. Она содержит 12 наборов от сообщества для Nyx Assassin, Leshrac, Medusa, Vengeful Spirit, Weaver, Clockwerk, Faceless Void, Doom, Sven, Axe, Crystal Maiden и Tusk. Также в ней возвращаются потусторонние и призматические самоцветы: очень редкий курьер Blazing Hatchling содержит по каждому из них, выбранному случайно. Сейчас мы планируем каждые три месяца выпускать по новой сезонной сокровищнице, которую можно приобрести за осколки. Следующая выйдет 1 декабря, но после этого сокровищницы будут меняться каждые три месяца вместе с сезонными заданиями и ландшафтами. Обновления Dota PlusПодписчики Dota Plus могут получить осколки не только привычными способами, но и выполняя новые сезонные задания — они принесут до 57 850 осколков, которые помогут приобрести побольше сокровищниц. Теперь подписчики Dota Plus могут пользоваться новой сеткой героев от помощника по ролям. Поскольку сообщество постоянно находит новые способы играть за привычных персонажей, помощник по ролям отслеживает тренды в ролевом рейтинге и отображает наиболее популярных героев на каждой роли. Данные обновляются автоматически, так что они всегда будут актуальными, а ещё их можно отфильтровать по рангу.Также в Dota Plus перешли некоторые возможности из боевого пропуска:Кроме того, мы увеличили максимальное число избегаемых игроков с 16 до 25.Осколки для всехМы хотим, чтобы у каждого была возможность зарабатывать и тратить осколки, поэтому теперь эта валюта доступна всем игрокам, а не только подписчикам Dota Plus.Наиболее эффективным способом зарабатывать осколки остаётся Dota Plus, но мы сделали следующие функции доступными всем игрокам:Обновления гильдийВ боевом пропуске мы представили вам обновлённую систему гильдий и были рады увидеть, сколько игроков в них вступают и делятся с нами своим мнением. Существующие гильдии сохранятся, но многие их награды подходили только для боевого пропуска, поэтому мы изменили эти функции, чтобы удовольствие от членства в гильдии оставалось прежним.У гильдий больше нет уровня — вместо них мы вводим еженедельную таблицу лидеров по очкам для каждого региона. Раз в неделю разряд гильдии определяется заново, а её члены получают наградные осколки (для подписчиков Dota Plus их число удваивается) и доступ к особым возможностям, список которых может измениться в будущем. Сейчас список бонусов таков:В конце недели все гильдии теряют некоторую долю своих очков. Это нужно для того, чтобы новые гильдии могли догнать существующие — но, очевидно, им придётся постараться! Мы хотим, чтобы эта функция вознаграждала активные и вовлечённые в игру гильдии, совместно зарабатывающие осколки каждую неделю, поэтому будем оценивать и изменять еженедельное уменьшение для достижения этой цели. Теперь за контракты гильдии даются как очки гильдии, так и осколки. У всех игроков есть доступ к одной ячейке контракта в день, а у подписчиков Dota Plus — к двум. Испытания гильдии по-прежнему выполняются в группе из хотя бы 3 её членов и приносят очки для таблицы лидеров. Также они даются за каждую игру, а если вы играете с согильдийцами, то принесёте ещё больше очков.Любые игроки могут вступать в гильдии, но создавать их могут только подписчики Dota Plus.Рейтинговый сезонВ прошлом мы видели много недостатков в системе, которая сбрасывала рейтинг всех игроков одновременно. Именно с ними было частично связано наше нежелание проводить перекалибровку каждые 6 месяцев. Недавно мы высказали это нежелание, после чего получили очень много сообщений о том, насколько эта система важна для игроков и как можно решить сложившуюся ситуацию.В этом сезоне мы подойдём к сбросу рейтинга по-другому. Во-первых, он станет необязательным. Во-вторых, мы будем вводить его для разных игроков постепенно, чтобы не создавать слишком много непредсказуемости (которая и так существует при начале калибровки). Надеемся, так мы избавимся от большинства недостатков при сбросе рейтинга и позволим всем желающим пройти перекалибровку в более стабильной обстановке.Запустите игру и откройте настройки — вы найдёте новый раздел на вкладке «Аккаунт». Чтобы перекалибровка не происходила сразу у всех, для каждого игрока она станет доступна в случайное время с 22 октября по 22 ноября 2020 года, и будет действовать до конца сезона. Если хотите, вы можете нажать её сразу, не нажимать её вовсе или сначала немного потренироваться.Связь с игрокамиСообщество давно просит, чтобы мы больше рассказывали о том, над чем работаем. По различным причинам мы стараемся не углубляться в эту тему, пока не будем готовы что-нибудь выпустить, ведь иногда планы меняются, а идею не удаётся превратить во что-то хорошее. Иногда мы не уверены насчёт сроков, потому что не хотим завышать ожидания от будущего обновления или разочаровывать пользователей, если наши подсчёты неверны.Однако мы признаём, что при таком подходе время от времени нужно делиться с сообществом информацией, что сейчас и сделаем.Начнём с новых героев. Как правило, сообщество ожидает новых героев осенью каждого года (обычно где-то в ноябре). Мы рассчитываем выпустить одного героя в конце ноября и ещё нескольких — в течение следующего года, начиная с первого квартала. Недавно мы начали обдумывать новый подход к разработке, при котором контент и обновления распределены по всему году, а не сосредоточены вокруг The International. Надеемся, постоянный приток контента будет для пользователей более привлекательным, чем предыдущий подход.Ещё одна область игры, над которой мы работаем в последнее время, — это поведение игроков и токсичность. Кое-что мы выпустили без пояснений относительно недавно, а что-то до сих пор разрабатываем. Мы улучшили систему обнаружения смурфинга, в результате чего новые аккаунты стали отделяться от пула обычных игроков. Теперь смурф-аккаунты с большей вероятностью будут играть с другими смурфами, даже если таковым является лишь один игрок в группе. Также они с некоторой вероятностью будут наследовать низкую порядочность альтернативных аккаунтов, чтобы их негативное влияние было ограничено. Кроме того, благодаря другим улучшениям новые аккаунты быстрее приходят к верному рейтингу, но над этим нам ещё предстоит поработать. Мы пробуем различные подходы, и они пока что находятся на стадии изучения и экспериментов.Мы также стали чаще блокировать аккаунты бустеров. Благодаря улучшенным системам определения бустеров, собиравшим данные последние несколько месяцев, мы можем увереннее выявлять нарушителей. За последние 30 дней мы заблокировали более 14 000 аккаунтов и подготовили системы, которые будут блокировать за бустинг в дальнейшем. Однако они остаются актуальными только при постоянной поддержке и улучшениях, в чём нам помогут продвинутые методы обнаружения, но они также находятся на ранней стадии изучения и экспериментов.Чтобы бороться с игроками, чьё поведение чрезмерно токсично или портит игру остальным, мы разрабатываем новую систему наподобие «Патруля» из CS:GO. Мы пока не готовы рассказать о ней больше, но сделаем это, как только сможем. Надеемся, её получится выпустить как можно скорее.И, наконец, мы немного поработали над движком и добились улучшенной производительности на многоядерных процессорах, так что скоро введём эти изменения в игру. Их ещё предстоит протестировать, чтобы избавиться от ошибок, но мы планируем выпустить обновление в районе следующей недели. Очевидно, при таких изменениях кода оно может оказаться… жутковатым.Immortal Treasure III is now available, featuring all-new items for Pugna, Clockwerk, Oracle, Treant, Gyrocopter, and Lich.In addition to these items, each of these treasures you open also offers increasing odds of receiving a rare reward of 50 Battle Pass levels, a very rare Golden version of the Pugna item, or the ultra rare Phoenix Wings. As always, there is a cosmically rare chance you’ll discover a Divine Emblem.The Battle Pass will be extended for 3 more weeks, until October 9th, with the results of the Arcana vote revealed at that time (hint: it’s a purple melee carry that can cross distances with ease). During this final stretch, each Battle Pass owner can purchase up to two bundles of 60 levels at a 30% discount.Head over to the Battle Pass page for a preview of the new items and custom effects featured in the treasure.Don't have a Steam account?  You can create an account for free.L’automne est là ! Pour fêter cela, voici une moisson de mises à jour pour Dota Plus et les guildes. La nouvelle saison commence aujourd’hui et durera jusqu’au début du mois de décembre 2020.Trésor d’automne 2020Les membres de Dota Plus peuvent maintenant acheter un nouveau trésor avec des fragments. Ce trésor comprend 12 ensembles créés par la communauté pour Nyx Assassin, Leshrac, Medusa, Vengeful Spirit, Weaver, Clockwerk, Faceless Void, Doom, Sven, Axe, Crystal Maiden et Tusk. Il voit également la réintroduction des gemmes éthérées et des gemmes prismatiques. Le coursier très rare Oisillon flamboyant est prééquipé d’une gemme de chaque type choisie au hasard. Nous prévoyons de proposer tous les 3 mois un nouveau trésor saisonnier qui pourra être acheté avec des fragments. Le prochain trésor sera disponible le 1ᵉʳ décembre, le prochain 3 mois plus tard, et ainsi de suite. Les quêtes et les terrains saisonniers seront renouvelés au même rythme. Mises à jour apportées à Dota PlusEn plus des autres moyens qui permettent d’obtenir des fragments, les membres de Dota Plus peuvent gagner jusqu’à 57 850 fragments en accomplissant les nouvelles quêtes de la saison d’automne 2020. Ces fragments supplémentaires vous permettront, entre autres, d’acheter le nouveau trésor saisonnier. Qui plus est, les membres de Dota Plus peuvent maintenant utiliser le nouvel agencement de la grille de sélection « Assistant de rôle ». Tandis que la communauté de Dota trouve de nouvelles façons d’utiliser les héros et héroïnes, le nouvel assistant de rôle suit les tendances de sélection de ces héros et héroïnes en matchmaking classé avec rôles et les catégorise en fonction du rôle qui leur est le plus attribué. Ces données sont mises à jour automatiquement pour que vous puissiez connaitre les dernières tendances, et elles peuvent être filtrées en fonction du MMR.Plusieurs fonctionnalités du passe de bataille ont également été transférées vers Dota Plus :De plus, nous avons augmenté la limite du nombre de personnes qui peuvent être ajoutées à la liste de celles à éviter : elle passe de 16 à 25.Distribution générale de fragmentsNous voulons que tout le monde puisse obtenir et dépenser des fragments. Dès aujourd’hui, n’importe qui pourra en obtenir sans être membre de Dota Plus.Bien que le moyen le plus efficace d’obtenir des fragments soit d’être membre de Dota Plus, les fonctionnalités suivantes sont maintenant disponibles pour tout le monde :Mises à jour apportées aux guildesNous avons réintégré les guildes au jeu pendant le passe de bataille, et nous avons découvert avec plaisir le nombre de personnes qui contribuaient à faire progresser leur guilde, ainsi que les nombreux retours qui nous ont été envoyés. Le système actuel des guildes restera tel quel, mais la plupart des fonctionnalités et des récompenses décernées étaient spécifiques au passe de bataille. Nous les avons modifiées afin que vous puissiez continuer à vous amuser au sein de votre guilde.Les guildes n’ont plus de niveau : à la place, nous avons ajouté un classement hebdomadaire des points de guilde obtenus dans une région donnée. Une fois par semaine, les membres d’une guilde recevront leur nouveau rang de guilde et pourront récupérer des fragments en récompense. Les membres de Dota Plus recevront le double de fragments. En fonction de la place de votre guilde au classement hebdomadaire, vous aurez également accès à des récompenses spéciales qui pourront être modifiées au fil du temps. Voici les récompenses actuelles :À la fin de chaque semaine, tous les points de guilde seront réduits d’un certain pourcentage afin de permettre aux nouvelles guildes de rattraper les plus anciennes. Elles devront toutefois redoubler d’efforts pour tenter d’arriver au même niveau que les meilleures guildes ! Nous voulons que cette fonctionnalité récompense les guildes actives qui coopèrent activement chaque semaine pour gagner des points. Dans cette optique, nous suivrons et modifierons au besoin la réduction de points hebdomadaire. Les contrats de guilde accordent maintenant à la fois des points de guilde et des fragments. Tout le monde peut choisir un contrat par jour, et les membres de Dota Plus peuvent en choisir deux. Les défis de guildes doivent toujours être accomplis par des groupes de 3 personnes ou plus. Ils feront gagner des points de guilde pour le classement. Qui plus est, lorsque vous jouez à une partie en tant que membre de guilde, votre guilde gagne des points. Ceux-ci augmentent si vous jouez en groupe avec des membres de votre guilde.Tout le monde peut rejoindre une guilde, mais il faut être membre de Dota Plus pour en créer une.Saison classéePar le passé, nous avons constaté que forcer l’ensemble des joueurs et joueuses à recalibrer leur MMR en même temps présentait de nombreux inconvénients. C’est en partie pour cette raison que nous n’avions plus envie de le recalibrer tous les 6 mois. Toutefois, après avoir partagé notre ressenti, plusieurs d’entre vous nous ont fait savoir à quel point cette fonctionnalité était importante à leurs yeux et ont émis diverses suggestions.Pour cette saison, nous allons tenter une nouvelle approche pour le recalibrage du MMR. Nous allons rendre le recalibrage de MMR facultatif, et pour les personnes qui voudront le recalibrer, nous étalerons la période de recalibrage afin de ne pas provoquer trop d’instabilité au même moment (en plus de celle qui existe déjà quand on participe à des parties de calibration). Nous espérons que cela réglera la plupart des inconvénients rencontrés lors du recalibrage du MMR, et que cela permettra aux personnes qui veulent vraiment le recalibrer de le faire dans un environnement de jeu un peu plus stable.Pour recalibrer votre MMR, lancez le jeu, accédez aux paramètres et rendez-vous dans l’onglet « Compte » pour découvrir la nouvelle section de recalibrage du MMR. Afin que tout le monde ne recalibre pas son MMR en même temps, les dates de début du recalibrage seront étalées entre le 22 octobre et le 22 novembre 2020. Vous pourrez ensuite commencer votre recalibrage à n’importe quel moment jusqu’à la fin de la saison. Vous pouvez soit commencer le recalibrage dès que le bouton est disponible, soit ne pas recalibrer votre MMR, soit vous échauffer un peu en mode classé avant de commencer.CommunicationLa communauté nous a fait savoir qu’elle voulait que l’on parle un peu plus des choses sur lesquelles nous travaillons. Nous avons tendance à peu communiquer sur quelque chose avant sa sortie pour diverses raisons. Parfois, il y a un changement de programme ou une idée ne parvient pas à aboutir à quelque chose de concret, etc. D’autres fois, nous ne sommes pas en mesure de planifier avec précision la date de sortie d’un projet et nous ne voulons pas susciter de faux espoirs ou des déceptions si une mise à jour ne sort pas au moment prévu.Cela dit, nous admettons que nous devrions parfois équilibrer cette approche pour répondre à l’engouement de la communauté. Nous allons donc vous partager quelques informations sur divers sujets ci-dessous.Le premier concerne les nouveaux personnages. Nous savons que la communauté attend chaque année la sortie de nouveaux héros et héroïnes en automne (généralement aux alentours du mois de novembre). Nous prévoyons de sortir un nouveau personnage à la fin du mois de novembre. D’autres suivront tout au long de l’année prochaine, et le prochain arrivera au cours du premier trimestre de 2021. Ces derniers temps, nous avons réfléchi à adopter une nouvelle approche de développement qui consisterait à étaler les mises à jour tout au long de l’année, plutôt que de proposer la majorité du nouveau contenu en même temps que The International. Avec ces mises à jour plus régulières, nous espérons susciter davantage l’intérêt des joueurs et joueuses.Récemment, nous avons aussi travaillé sur la problématique du comportement toxique de certaines personnes. Certains éléments que nous avons développés ont été ajoutés au jeu sans en faire mention dans les notes de mise à jour, tandis que d’autres sont encore en cours de développement. Nous avons amélioré nos systèmes de détection des smurfs (des joueuses et joueurs expérimentés qui utilisent de nouveaux comptes), et nous avons commencé à empêcher ces comptes de pouvoir rejoindre des groupes débutants ou réguliers. Les comptes smurfs ont maintenant beaucoup plus de chances de ne jouer qu’avec d’autres smurfs. Cela inclut les groupes où un seul des comptes est un smurf. Il y a également de grandes chances que le grade de conduite de leurs autres comptes soit transféré vers ce nouveau compte afin de limiter leur impact négatif en jeu. Nous avons également fait en sorte que les nouveaux comptes atteignent leur rang réel plus vite, mais le travail n’est pas terminé. Nous travaillons actuellement sur plusieurs approches qui pourraient résoudre ce problème, mais elles sont encore en cours d’expérimentation.Nous avons aussi banni un grand nombre de comptes de boosters grâce au travail que nous avons effectué ces derniers mois sur notre système de détection, qui est maintenant suffisamment fiable en la matière. Ces 30 derniers jours, nous avons banni plus de 14 000 comptes et avons développé des systèmes pour bannir continuellement les comptes de boosters à l’avenir. Ce projet nécessite toutefois des améliorations constantes pour ne pas tomber en désuétude. C’est pourquoi des méthodes de détection plus avancées sont également en cours d’expérimentation.En ce qui concerne les comportements toxiques des personnes en jeu, nous développons actuellement un nouveau système Overwatch quelque peu semblable à celui présent dans CS:GO. Nous ne pouvons pas vous en dire plus pour le moment, mais nous vous en dévoilerons tous les détails dès que possible. Nous espérons pouvoir le rendre disponible très prochainement.Pour finir, nous avons fait quelques modifications au niveau du moteur pour améliorer quelque peu les performances sur les machines avec des processeurs multicœurs. Nous allons bientôt étendre ces modifications au niveau de Dota. Il nous reste encore quelques essais à faire afin de résoudre les quelques bugs possibles, mais nous espérons pouvoir les rendre disponibles d’ici la semaine prochaine. Comme vous pouvez vous y attendre, les changements au niveau du code pourront rendre cette mise à jour un tantinet effrayante.Nemmeno Lyralei stessa comprendeva quanto profondo fosse il suo legame con il vento guardiano. Non conoscendo i suoi antenati e non avendo memoria della sua infanzia, non poteva fare altro che cercare la verità nei sussurri degli alberi baciati dal sole o nelle tempeste ululanti impenetrabili persino dalla luce del giorno. Col tempo, però, mentre la sua strana connessione con il vento guardiano continuava a crescere, una certa irrequietudine in merito alle sue origini iniziò a impossessarsi di lei. Sprigiona il potere del vento con il nuovissimo pacchetto Arcano Guida della Burrasca Crescente, disponibile ora nel Pass Battaglia del The International 10.Questo pacchetto Arcano include un nuovo modello, nuovi oggetti di base, nuove animazioni, una barra di canalizzazione e di conteggio dei danni personalizzata per Tiro focalizzato, effetti ambientali “ventosi” per entrambi gli stili, aggiunte agli effetti di base e Immortali per le abilità di Windranger, nuovi effetti di morte per lei e per gli eroi nemici che uccide e oltre 500 nuove frasi esclusive per il pacchetto. Infliggi colpo dopo colpo ai bersagli che uccidi usando Tiro focalizzato per sbloccare lo stile alternativo Riflessi della Burrasca.Ulteriori dettagli disponibili nella pagina dell’aggiornamento Guida della Burrasca Crescente.Don't have a Steam account?  You can create an account for free.Recebemos diversas reclamações recentemente sobre o estado do CPD e concordamos que precisamos fazer mais. Gostaríamos de usar este blog para mostrar o que aconteceu no passado, quais eram as nossas ideias e o que faremos daqui para frente.Assim que a extensão da pandemia da COVID-19 ficou clara, compartilhamos os nossos planos para adiar o International e começamos a pré-reservar arenas para várias datas e países alternativos ao redor do mundo. Em seguida, começamos a pesquisar como executar o International com base nos diferentes cenários que poderiam se desenrolar na pandemia, na esperança de podermos realizá-lo o mais cedo possível. Como os eventos do CPD de outono já não podiam mais ocorrer, começamos a entrar em contato com os organizadores para ver o que eles pretendiam fazer no futuro. Alguns desses organizadores demonstraram interesse em realizar eventos terceirizados para cobrir o período de março até o final do inverno.Conforme nos aproximamos do meio do inverno, a volatilidade da pandemia aumentou de forma significativa e nos deixou muito preocupados com o impacto que poderia causar em eventos futuros do CPD e mesmo no International. A situação global indicava que participações internacionais seriam difíceis nesse primeiro momento, e desde então pudemos acompanhar cenários de outras competições ao redor do mundo onde equipes de certos países acabaram sendo excluídas após a classificação devido a restrições de viagens e outras complicações abruptas. Embora já presumíssemos que a presença de plateia nos eventos do CPD estaria fora de questão, queríamos ao menos ter a confiança de que poderíamos trazer todas as equipes para uma competição internacional. Acreditamos que esse era um fator crucial a respeito de como alocar os pontos do CPD para o International. Também estávamos incertos sobre quando o próprio International ocorreria, e devido ao grande tempo de antecedência necessário, os números crescentes de casos de COVID-19 dificultaram planejar qualquer período com confiança. O potencial que isso teria de desviar a temporada do CPD e a sua narrativa do caminho em direção ao International era algo negativo para nós. Caso fizéssemos isso, o CPD precisaria passar por uma redução de pontos, o que não é necessariamente algo ruim, mas interferir abruptamente nos pontos no meio da temporada para se ajustar a mudanças de cenário traria mais desvantagens. Além disso, alguns organizadores também entraram em contato conosco expressando preocupação sobre uma possível redução de qualidade nas suas transmissões ou mesmo relutantes quanto à realização de eventos durante esse período. Embora nem as competições entre regiões nem a distância relativa para o International sejam requisitos absolutos, sentimos que o melhor para o CPD — tanto como uma parte do International e também como um produto coeso para os fãs — seria a sua pausa temporária. Disto isso, o nosso plano é deixar os próximos meses abertos para que outras ligas e eventos ocorram. Historicamente, a nossa abordagem tem sido a de querer que torneios de terceiros possam existir fora do International (embora isso tenha fluído ao longo dos anos, conforme o aumento da demanda de fãs e jogadores por circuitos mais estruturados levando ao TI). A nossa esperança era alcançar uma relação melhor e mais coerente entre o CPD e o TI com esta abordagem, ainda permitindo que eventos de terceiros causassem um impacto. A ideia era que, no fim das contas, os fãs continuassem tendo conteúdo para acompanhar nessa metade do ano.Assim que anunciamos que não continuaríamos imediatamente com o CPD conforme planejado, recebemos muitos comentários negativos da comunidade. Acreditamos que muitos dos pontos levantados eram críticas válidas, principalmente por não termos comunicado quais eram as nossas intenções nem o que poderiam esperar para o futuro.Nesta próxima temporada competitiva, ocorrerão pelo menos quatro eventos e ligas de terceiros na Europa/CEI, três na China e alguns outros que ainda estão na fase de planejamento inicial e não podem ser contabilizados no momento. Entretanto, ainda haverá muitas equipes, narradores, organizadores e fãs ao redor do mundo que não serão substancialmente contemplados com essa trajetória — e isso é culpa nossa, por não ter dado o devido cuidado e atenção.Com isso em mente, começamos a entrar em contato com vários outros organizadores de torneios, oferecendo ajuda e auxílio financeiro para poder criar uma maior cobertura global pelo resto do ano. Esperamos que esses eventos sejam anunciados gradualmente ao longo da temporada, assim que estiverem prontos para serem divulgados para os fãs e equipes.Outro comentário que recebemos de jogadores e fãs foi a falta de uma data provável para o retorno do CPD e do TI. A nossa perspectiva no momento é de um retorno do CPD no primeiro ou segundo mês de 2021. Esperamos que, quando as primeiras ligas do CPD forem concluídas, as restrições de viagem estejam mais previsíveis e que novas restrições sejam improváveis, permitindo que Majors com participantes de diversas regiões ocorram. Também estamos trabalhando com a suposição de que a data mais provável para o International seja agosto de 2021, em Estocolmo. Embora tenhamos outros países como plano B, sabemos que os fãs ficariam chateados se movêssemos para outra localização sem ter grandes ganhos de logística.Também ouvimos os seus questionamentos e preocupações sobre os direitos de transmissão da Dota TV. Este foi um tópico que discutimos abertamente no passado e, à medida que coletamos mais dados, nossos pensamentos mudaram um pouco. Nós ainda acreditamos que os streamers da comunidade, fornecendo seus próprios comentários sobre um torneio, adicionam um valor positivo para os fãs e para o cenário competitivo. Também acreditamos que, a longo prazo, os próprios torneios se beneficiam da exposição adicional aos fãs dos streamers da comunidade. No entanto, é verdade que isso pode causar uma perda de receita em curto prazo, bem como uma redução na habilidade dos organizadores do torneio de monetizar de forma eficaz. A partir de 15 de setembro, a licença do DotaTV será atualizada para refletir o seguinte: organizadores de torneios de Dota 2 terão que fornecer aos streamers da comunidade um conjunto de requisitos não monetários que seja razoável e simples de executar, como exibir os patrocinadores dos organizadores em suas transmissões ou ter um pequeno atraso nos jogos. Os streamers da comunidade poderão usar o feed da DotaTV em sua transmissão, desde que concordem com esses requisitos. Acreditamos que isso proporcionará mais certeza e confiança aos streamers da comunidade para poderem transmitir sem muita turbulência, ao mesmo tempo em que protegemos alguns interesses importantes dos organizadores dos torneios. Para evitar possíveis problemas de última hora, aconselhamos aos que desejarem transmitir um torneio que coordenem com antecedência com o organizador, para garantir que eles sejam capazes de cumprir os requisitos apresentados. Aos organizadores de torneios e outros envolvidos que tenham dúvidas, entrem em contato conosco em [email protected]We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.The International 10 Collector’s Cache is back with a second helping of items from the Dota 2 workshop, featuring full sets for a wide variety of favorite heroes—including a Rare set for Templar Assassin, a Very Rare set for Faceless Void, and an Ultra Rare set for Legion Commander.Available now for $2.49, unboxing 14 of these treasures will automatically grant you 34 Battle Levels, and the odds of receiving a bonus rare item increase with each one you open. You can also recycle any unwanted sets for two Battle Levels.Volume II of the Collector’s Cache will only be available for the next thirty days and is the only way to receive these exclusive item sets, apart from the Ultra Rare Legion Commander set which will be marketable sometime after The International 11 concludes. As before, 25% of each sale contributes directly to The International 10 prize pool.Once again, we’d like to thank all of the community artists who tendered submissions to the Dota 2 Workshop, as well as the entire Battle Pass community for your support.Die Herbstsaison ist da und wir freuen uns, ein Update von Dota Plus und der Gildenfunktion zu präsentieren. Die Saison beginnt heute und wird bis Anfang Dezember 2020 laufen.Herbstlicher Schatz 2020Dota-Plus-Mitglieder können nun einen neuen Schatz mit Splittern kaufen. Der Schatz enthält 12 Sets aus der Community für Nyx Assassin, Leshrac, Medusa, Vengeful Spirit, Weaver, Clockwerk, Faceless Void, Doom, Sven, Axe, Crystal Maiden und Tusk. Mit ihm werden außerdem Ätherische und Prismatische Edelsteine wiedereingeführt – der sehr seltene Kurier „Flammendes Küken“ kommt mit jeweils einem zufälligen ausgerüstet. Unser derzeitiger Plan ist, alle drei Monate einen neuen saisonalen Schatz zum Kauf mit Splittern hinzuzufügen. Der nächste Schatz wird demnach am 1. Dezember veröffentlicht, der nächste drei Monate später und so weiter. Saisonale Quests und saisonale Terrains werden dem gleichen Rhythmus folgen. Updates für Dota PlusZusätzlich zu den klassischen Methoden, Splitter zu verdienen, warten für Dota-Plus-Mitglieder im Herbst 2020 jetzt 57.850 weitere als Belohnung für saisonale Quests. Die Bonussplitter sind eine optimale Grundlage, um den saisonalen Schatz voll auszukosten. Dota-Plus-Mitglieder können jetzt ihr Heldengitter vom neuen Rollenassistenten anordnen lassen. Wenn die Dota-Community neue kreative Wege findet, bestimmte Helden zu spielen, wird der Rollenassistent in der Rollenrangliste darüber Buch führen und Helden in ihrer jeweils meistgespielten Rolle anzeigen. Die Statistik aktualisiert sich automatisch und zeigt jeweils den aktuellen Trend, filterbar nach MMW-Rang.Diverse Funktionen des Schlachtenpasses wurden ebenfalls in Dota Plus übernommen:Wir haben außerdem die maximale Zahl zu meidender Spieler von 16 auf 25 erhöht.Splitter für alleWir wollen, dass alle Spieler sich am Verdienen und Ausgeben von Splittern erfreuen können, also haben wir diese ehemalige Dota-Plus-Währung für alle geöffnet.Dota Plus ist immer noch der effektivste Weg, Splitter zu verdienen, aber ein Teil der Funktionen steht jetzt allen Spielern zur Verfügung:Updates für GildenWährend des Schlachtenpasses haben wir Gilden wiedereingeführt und waren froh zu sehen, wie viele Spieler sich Gilden angeschlossen und ihr Feedback mit uns geteilt haben. Wir werden die bestehenden Gilden beibehalten, allerdings ergaben viele der Belohnungen nur im Kontext des Schlachtenpasses Sinn. Damit Ihnen das Spielen in der Gilde auch weiterhin Spaß macht, haben wir ein paar Änderungen vorgenommen.Gilden haben keinen Level mehr. Stattdessen gibt es nun eine wöchentliche Rangliste der in der jeweiligen Region erspielten Gildenpunkte. Gildenmitglieder erfahren einmal pro Woche den neuen Rang ihrer Gilde und erhalten Splitter zur Belohnung. Dota-Plus-Mitglieder verdienen doppelte Splitter. Die Position einer Gilde auf der wöchentlichen Rangliste bestimmt auch ihren Zugriff auf besondere Vorteile, die sich im Verlauf der Zeit ändern können. Aktuelle Vorteile:Am Ende der Woche verfällt ein Anteil der Gildenpunkte. So haben neue Gilden die Chance, zu bestehenden Gilden aufzuholen – keine leichte Aufgabe und mit harter Arbeit verbunden, aber möglich! Wir möchten mit dieser Funktion aktive und engagierte Gilden belohnen, die Woche für Woche zusammenarbeiten, um Punkte zu sammeln. In diesem Sinne werden wir den wöchentlichen Verfall weiter anpassen, um dieses Ziel zu erreichen. Gilden erhalten für Aufträge nun sowohl Gildenpunkte als auch Splitter. Alle Spieler können pro Tag einen Auftrag annehmen, Dota-Plus-Mitglieder sogar zwei. Gildenherausforderungen müssen nach wie vor von mindestens drei Mitgliedern einer Gilde gemeistert werden. Zur Belohnung erhalten sie Gildenpunkte für ihre Position auf der Rangliste. Jede Partie generiert Gildenpunkte, Gruppen aus Gildenmitgliedern verdienen Bonuspunkte.Alle Spieler können sich einer Gilde anschließen, doch nur Dota-Plus-Mitglieder können eine Gilde gründen.RanglistensaisonIn der Vergangenheit sind uns einige negative Aspekte aufgefallen, wenn wir alle Spieler dazu zwingen, ihre MMW zur selben Zeit neu zu kalibrieren. Auch aus diesem Grund haben wir gezögert, den Wert weiterhin alle sechs Monate zurückzusetzen. Aber nachdem wir unsere Zurückhaltung vor kurzem kundtaten, erhielten wie eine Menge Feedback von Spielern, die diese Funktion für sehr wertvoll halten, und allerlei Vorschläge, wie wir damit umgehen sollen.In dieser nächsten Saison möchten wir einen neuen Ansatz testen. Ab sofort haben Spieler die Wahl, ob sie ihren MMW zurücksetzen oder nicht. Für alle, die sich dafür entscheiden, wird dies zu unterschiedlichen Zeiten vorgenommen, um allzu viel Instabilität zur selben Zeit zu vermeiden (eine Neukalibrierung erzeugt ebenfalls eine Menge Instabilität). Wir hoffen so die meisten Nachteile des Zurücksetzens ausbügeln und Spielern, die sich dafür entscheiden, möglichst stabile Bedingungen liefern zu können.Unter Einstellungen > Account gibt es jetzt den neuen Abschnitt „MMW neu kalibieren“. Damit nicht alle gleichzeitig neu kalibrieren, werden die Startzeiten gleichmäßig zwischen dem 22. Oktober und dem 22. November 2020 verteilt. Ab dann kann die Kalibrierung bis zum Ende der Saison jederzeit aktiviert werden. Sie haben die Wahl, den Knopf, sobald verfügbar oder auch nie zu drücken, oder Sie wärmen erst wieder Ihr Ranglistenkönnen auf, bevor Sie ihn aktivieren.KommunikationDie Community möchte gerne, dass wir ein wenig mehr über die Dinge reden, an denen wir gerade arbeiten. Aus diversen Gründen halten wir uns mit so was in der Regel zurück, bis etwas bereit zur Veröffentlichung ist. Manchmal ändern sich Pläne oder eine Idee entwickelt sich nicht in etwas Handfestes. Manchmal sind wir uns auch beim Zeitrahmen noch nicht sicher, wollen keine falschen Erwartungen bezüglich der Größe eines Updates wecken oder enttäuschte Erwartungen auslösen.Gleichzeitig erkennen wir das Verlangen der Community nach wenigstens einigen Informationen an und möchten deshalb im Folgenden einige Aspekte ansprechen.Zunächst etwas zu neuen Helden. Wir wissen, dass die Community im Herbst jeden Jahres neue Helden erwartet (veröffentlicht gewöhnlich etwa im November). Wir peilen derzeit Ende November für einen neuen Helden an und möchten weitere über das nächste Jahr verteilt veröffentlichen, beginnend im ersten Quartal. In letzter Zeit haben wir auch über unsere allgemeine Entwicklungsstrategie nachgedacht und möchten nun neue Inhalte mehr über das ganze Jahr verteilen, statt den Schwerpunkt bei The International zu setzen. Wir hoffen, dass ein beständiges Hinzukommen neuer Inhalte Spieler stärker einbindet als unser bisheriger Ansatz.Ein weiterer Bereich, in den wir kürzlich Arbeit investiert haben, ist Spielerverhalten und Toxizität. Manche Änderungen haben wir bereits ohne Patchnotes ins Spiel übernommen, andere sind noch in Entwicklung. Wir haben unsere Systeme zur Smurf-Erkennung verbessert und trennen nun neue Accounts von normalen und neuen Spielern. Smurf-Accounts spielen jetzt sehr viel häufiger nur gegen andere Smurfs, auch wenn eine Gruppe nur einen Smurf enthält. Sie erben jetzt auch alle negativen Verhaltenswertungen ihrer Alternativaccounts, sodass ihr negativer Einfluss im Spiel begrenzt wird. Weitere Verbesserungen sollen dafür sorgen, dass sich neue Accounts schneller ihrem wahren MMW annähern, allerdings sind hier noch nicht alle Möglichkeiten erschöpft. Wir haben hier bereits einige Lösungsansätze, diese befinden sich aktuell aber noch in der Test- bzw. experimentellen Phase.In den letzten Monaten haben wir außerdem unsere Ausschlussinitiative gegenüber Booster-Accounts mit einer Verbesserung unserer Erkennungssysteme ausgebaut und können einen Bann nun mit größerer Gewissheit verhängen. In den letzten 30 Tagen haben wir über 14000 Accounts gebannt und Mechanismen eingebaut, um in Zukunft kontinuierlich Boosting weiter mit Banns zu bestrafen. Dieser Bereich muss allerdings konstant weiter entwickelt und verbessert werden. Einige fortgeschrittene Erkennungsmethoden sind aber bereits in der frühen/experimentellen Phase.Was toxisches Verhalten und absichtliches Ruinieren von Spielen angeht, so arbeiten wir an einem ähnlichen Ansatz wie das Overwatch-System von CS:GO. Hierzu haben wir derzeit keine weiteren Informationen, aber diese werden in Kürze folgen. Wir hoffen, dass wir diese Funktion schnellstmöglich ins Spiel integrieren können.Zu guter Letzt haben wir die Engine etwas weiterentwickelt und so die Leistung mit Multikernprozessoren moderat verbessert. Es stehen noch einige Tests aus, um Bugs zu vermeiden, aber wir planen für nächste Woche eine Veröffentlichung. Wegen der nötigen Änderungen am Code könnte der Tag des Updates allerdings etwas … gruselig werden.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.El Tesoro Inmortal III ya está disponible e incluye nuevos objetos para Pugna, Clockwerk, Oracle, Treant, Gyrocopter y Lich.Además de estos objetos, cada tesoro que abres aumenta las posibilidades de recibir una recompensa rara con 50 niveles de pase de batalla, una versión dorada muy rara del objeto de Pugna o alas de Phoenix ultrarraras. Como siempre, hay una posibilidad cósmicamente rara de que descubras un Emblema Divino.El pase de batalla se extenderá 3 semanas más, hasta el 9 de octubre, fecha en la que se revelarán los resultados de la votación arcana (pista: es púrpura y puede atravesar distancias con facilidad). Durante estos últimos días, los poseedores del pase de batalla pueden comprar hasta dos paquetes de 60 niveles cada uno con un 30 % de descuento.Dirígete a la página del pase de batalla para obtener una vista previa de los nuevos objetos y efectos personalizados incluidos en este tesoro.Ogre Magi's Auspice of the Whyrlegyge Immortal item now features an additional style specially made to match the style of the new Arcana item.O Tesouro Imortal III já está disponível e inclui itens inéditos para Pugna, Clockwerk, Oracle, Treant Protector, Gyrocopter e Lich.Além destes itens, a cada tesouro que abrir, você terá mais chances de receber 50 níveis de batalha como uma recompensa rara, uma versão dourada muito rara do item de Pugna e ainda a chance ultrarrara de receber um par de asas para o Phoenix. Como sempre, há a chance cosmicamente rara de encontrar um Emblema da Divindade.O passe de batalha será estendido por mais três semanas, até o dia 9 de outubro, quando o herói vencedor da Votação Arcana também será revelado (fica a dica: é um carregador roxo de ataque corpo a corpo que pode percorrer distâncias com facilidade). Durante este período final, cada portador do passe de batalha pode comprar até dois pacotes de 60 níveis com 30% de desconto.Acesse a página do passe de batalha e veja uma prévia dos novos itens e efeitos personalizados contidos no tesouro.Oggi segna la fine della stagione del Pass Battaglia del The International 10. Grazie a tutti coloro che hanno partecipato e, benché quest’anno non sia culminato con l’Egida issata da una squadra, tutti noi di Valve speriamo che voi e le vostre famiglie restiate in salute e siamo impazienti di radunare tutti quanti per il TI11.Con la chiusura della stagione, abbiamo il piacere di annunciare i risultati del voto Arcano del 2020. Quest’anno la Comunità ha espresso milioni di voti per due degli eroi più viola del gruppo di Dota 2, Faceless Void e Spectre. Con un distacco di 27.475.258 di voti rispetto a 24.948.538, il vincitore Arcano di quest’anno è Spectre. Il team inizierà a progettare un Arcano adatto a Mercurial, lo Spettro, canalizzando la sua energia oscura in forme finora inimmaginabili. Come tormenterà la sua preda? In che modo la sua rifrazione potrà intaccare i suoi nemici? Quando prende la mira con il suo Pugnale spettrale, di quale colore letale brillerà? Sì, viola, ovviamente, ma quale SFUMATURA di viola? Tenetevi forte, amanti del colore lavanda, del color prugna e del color lillà. Col tempo tutte queste domande (o forse solo alcune) riceveranno una risposta.Inoltre, settimana prossima rilasceremo alcuni nuovi aggiornamenti a Dota Plus, tra cui aggiornamenti alle gilde, una nuova stagione di Dota Plus e un nuovo meccanismo di azzeramento del livello di abilità. Даже сама Лиралей не осознавала всю глубину связи с оберегающим её ветром. Не зная своих родителей, не помня своего младенчества, она могла слышать правду лишь в перешёптываниях облитых солнцем деревьев или вое бурь, скрывающих за собой даже свет дня. Но чем старше она становилась, чем крепче была её необыкновенная связь с ветром, тем больше Лиралей тревожили мысли о её происхождении. Выпустите на волю мощь ветра в новом Arcana-наборе Compass of the Rising Gale, уже доступном в боевом пропуске The International.Набор даёт абсолютно новые модель, анимации, звуки, счётчик урона от Focus Fire, особую шкалу прерываемых заклинаний, визуальные эффекты ветра для обоих стилей, дополнительные эффекты обычных и изменённых Immortal-предметами способностей, более 500 новых эксклюзивных реплик, а также особые анимации смерти как для Windranger, так и для сражённых ею героев. Убивайте врагов с помощью способности Focus Fire, наберите нужное количество урона от неё, и для вас откроется стиль Reflections of the Gale.Больше информации вы найдёте на странице предмета.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.Don't have a Steam account?  You can create an account for free.Dall’angolo più oscuro del negozio di giocattoli, uno spaventoso personaggio si unisce alla mischia. Disponibile per tutti i possessori del Pass Battaglia che raggiungono il livello 255, il nuovo personaggio alternativo di Pudge “Macellaio giocattolo” presenta modello, animazioni e doppiaggio tutti nuovi.Terrore di tutti i peluche del negozio di giocattoli, il Macellaio giocattolo si aggira negli anfratti oscuri tra gli scaffali, alla perenne ricerca della sua prossima preda. Tutti i giocattoli sanno che, una volta che il Macellaio ti afferra con il suo gancio, puoi dire addio al tuo morbido ripieno (e alla tua vita). Pezzi di stoffa, una volta parte del tuo corpo, resteranno disseminati tra le corsie, mentre il mostro si allontana felice dai solitari brandelli dei tuoi resti.Riscatta ora il nuovo personaggio alternativo nel tuo Pass Battaglia. Tutti i possessori del Pass Battaglia a partire dal livello 75 avranno a disposizione anche il pacchetto annunciatori “La voce del The International” per proclamare le loro prossime vittorie.Aujourd’hui se termine la saison du passe de bataille de The International 10. Nous tenons à remercier toutes les personnes qui y ont participé. Si cette année ne s’est pas terminée avec une équipe soulevant l’Aegis, toute l’équipe de Valve espère que vous, ainsi que votre famille, demeurez en bonne santé. Nous avons hâte de pouvoir nous réunir pour TI10 !La saison étant close, nous avons le plaisir de vous annoncer les résultats du vote Arcane de 2020. Cette année, les votes récoltés par l’héroïne et le héros les plus violets de Dota 2, Spectre et Faceless Void, se comptent par millions : avec 27 475 258 voix contre 24 948 538, c’est Spectre qui remporte l’Arcane. L’équipe s’attèlera à la conception d’une Arcane adaptée à Mercurial et canalisera son énergie sombre pour lui prêter des traits encore jamais imaginés. Comment tourmentera-t-elle sa proie ? Comment sa réfraction pourra-t-elle affaiblir ses adversaires ? Quelle couleur l’illuminera lorsqu’elle brandira son Spectral Dagger ? Le violet, bien sûr, mais quelle NUANCE de violet ? La patience est de mise pour les fanas de lavande, de prune et de lilas. Avec le temps, toutes ces questions (ou certaines, en tout cas) trouveront réponse.Par ailleurs, de nouvelles mises à jour de Dota Plus seront publiées la semaine prochaine, parmi lesquelles une mise à jour des guildes, une nouvelle saison Dota Plus et un nouveau mécanisme de réinitialisation du MMR. Swept up in the zeal of unraveling and reshaping arcane energies, Grand Magus Rubick marches a mob into Frosthaven, intent on uprooting the original Frostivus tree to explore the mysterious font of power beneath it. To stop the misguided magus, five heroes must rise to the defense of the ancient tree—and fight to keep the Spirit of Frostivus alive!Defend the ancient tree from each enemy wave. Work together to earn the XP and gold needed to survive. Structures and health restore after each wave, so resurrect fallen friends and use shrines wisely to keep your team in the fight.Four new tools join your bag of supplies. Unpack your bundle of consumable event items to add them to your Frosthaven arsenal. You can even take the festive fun into your regular games, minus some of the more... deleterious effects.Each match of Frosthaven will award points based on how many rounds you survive. Points help you progress along the rewards line to earn more consumables, chat wheel sounds, and gifts from around the original Frostivus tree.Among the Frosthaven rewards are several chances to win an indescribably-rare—and devilishly adorable—Immortal Gingerbread Baby Roshan courier. He may act fearsome, but this little guy is sweet as can be.Rubick's Immortal shoulder item from the most recent Trove Carafe now features an additional style that allows it to take on the same arcane color signatures as the Arcana item when the Grand Magus steals a spell.Added a new neutral building type - OutpostsThere are two of these on the map, located where the Side Shops were previously. Right clicking to channel it takes 6 seconds and then you gain control over the outpost. Converts faster with more allies channeling. Having control over an outpost grants you bonus XP upon initially capturing it, and at 5-minute intervals on the game clock. It also provides your team unobstructed vision in that area and allows you to TP to it. Outposts are inactive for the first 10 minutes of the game and cannot be captured then.XP bonus is 25*Min XP to each playerProvides 500 AoE truesightOnly gains XP bonus once per period regardless if you have one or two outposts controlledTakes 6 seconds to teleport to it (shares the delayed TP duration mechanic with T1 towers)Neutrals now drop unique items that cannot be sold, but can be shared with allies. There are five tiers of items that drop over the course of the game. Within each tier, the odds get cut by half for each subsequent drop. Items of a specific type will only drop once for each team. Drops only begin after 5 minutes.There are 62 unique neutral items in total.Backpack slots increased from 3 to 4Drop chances use Pseudo Random on a per tier and per team basis. Only rolls for a drop whenever there is a real hero near the dying neutral.Tier 1 ItemsTier 2 ItemsTier 3 ItemsTier 4 ItemsTier 5 Items (70+ minutes only)Hoy marca la conclusión de la temporada del pase de batalla de The International 10. Gracias a todos los que participaron y, aunque este año no terminó con un equipo levantando el Aegis, todos en Valve esperamos que cada uno de vosotros —incluidas las familias— se mantenga saludable, y también esperamos poder reunirnos todos para TI 10.Con la clausura de la temporada, nos complace anunciar los resultados de la votación arcana de 2020. Este año la comunidad emitió millones de votos por dos de los héroes más púrpura en la lista de Dota 2, Faceless Void y Spectre, y con una decisión de 27 475 258 votos contra 24 948 538, el ganador de la arcana de este año es: Spectre. El equipo emprenderá el diseño de un Mercurial digno de la arcana, el Spectre, transformando su oscura energía en formas nunca antes imaginadas. ¿Cómo perseguirá a su presa? ¿De qué manera podrá su refracción debilitar a sus enemigos? ¿De qué color resplandecerá cuando apunte a sus enemigos con su Daga Espectral? Sí, obviamente púrpura, ¿pero en qué TONO de púrpura? Los amantes de la lavanda, los fanáticos del morado y los votantes del violeta van a tener que esperar pacientemente. Solo con el tiempo, se dará respuesta a todas (o tal vez solo algunas) de estas preguntas.Además, la próxima semana lanzaremos algunas nuevas actualizaciones para Dota Plus. Entre ellas habrá actualizaciones a los clanes, una nueva Temporada de Dota Plus y un nuevo mecanismo para reiniciar el MMR. Il Bottino del collezionista del The International 10 torna con una dose extra di oggetti del Workshop di Dota 2, con set completi per molti dei vostri eroi preferiti, compreso un set raro per Templar Assassin, un set molto raro per Faceless Void e un set rarissimo per Legion Commander.Il Bottino è disponibile ora per 2,49 $ e aprire 14 di questi tesori garantirà automaticamente 34 Livelli Battaglia e le probabilità di trovare un oggetto raro bonus aumenteranno con ogni tesoro aperto. È anche possibile riciclare i set non desiderati per 2 Livelli Battaglia.Il Volume 2 del Bottino del collezionista sarà disponibile solo per i prossimi 30 giorni ed è l’unico modo per ricevere questi set di oggetti esclusivi, tranne che per il set rarissimo per Legion Commander, che sarà disponibile per la vendita dopo la conclusione del The International 11. Come in precedenza, il 25% dei proventi delle vendite verrà aggiunto al montepremi del The International 10.Come sempre, vogliamo ringraziare gli artisti della Comunità che hanno creato contenuti nel Workshop di Dota 2 e l’intera Comunità del Pass Battaglia per il loro supporto.Don't have a Steam account?  You can create an account for free.Desenterrado das profundezas da caixa de brinquedos, um brinquedo assustador se junta à batalha. Já disponível para todos os portadores do passe de batalha que alcançarem o nível 255, a nova persona para Pudge apresenta um novo modelo, novas animações e uma nova dublagem.Temido entre as dezenas de habitantes das caixas de brinquedos, o Açougueiro de Pelúcia fica à espreita pelos cantos e pelas sombras, sempre à espera da próxima vítima. Os brinquedos sabem que, quando enganchados pelo açougueiro, é fim de papo. Eles ficam despedaçados, com pelúcia espalhada por todos os lados, enquanto o monstro fofinho se afasta dos seus farrapos mortais.Obtenha já a nova persona no seu passe de batalha e não se esqueça de pegar também o pacote de locutor “Voz do International” para anunciar a sua próxima vitória, disponível para todos os portadores do passe de batalha a partir do nível 75.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.Desde lo más profundo de la caja de juguetes, un juguete aterrador se une a la refriega. Ya disponible para aquellos que alcancen el nivel 255 del pase de batalla, el nuevo personaje «El Carnicero de Peluche» para Pudge presenta un modelo completamente nuevo, nuevas animaciones y nuevas líneas de voz.Temido entre los habitantes rellenos de felpa de la caja de juguetes, El Carnicero de Peluche acecha las esquinas y sombras de la caja, siempre en busca de su próxima víctima. Todos los juguetes saben que si el carnicero te atrapa con su gancho, perderás tu relleno y tu vida. Quedarás esparcido por las sendas mientras el monstruo de felpa se aleja felizmente de tus restos rasgados.Obtén el nuevo personaje en tu pase de batalla y no olvides conseguir el pack de locutores de The International disponible para los dueños del pase de batalla que logren llegar al nivel 75 para poder anunciar tu victoria.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.The International Battle Pass is here to tap into the heart of the Dota summer season. Packed full of exclusive features and rewards, the Battle Pass is sure to unearth a hoard of treasures for your stash as we approach the culmination of this year's Dota Pro Circuit and the climactic showdown in Vancouver.25% of all Battle Pass sales go directly to The International 2018 prize pool.Roshan is on a ravenous, cheese-fueled rampage and Battle Pass owners are invited to venture beyond the surface of his lair into the heart of the Underhollow.Battle through a labyrinth filled with monsters, marvels, and many other three-player enemy squads as you search for Roshan's rarest cheese and work to be the last team standing. You'll need to navigate carefully to earn the XP and Gold needed to destroy your opponents.But don't take too long—Roshan's cheese frenzy is causing cave-ins as he moves towards the center of the Underhollow. Soon enough there will be nowhere left to run.Deep below Roshan's lair, a wheel of the world's rarest cheese—Roshefort—slowly comes of age. Join the subterranean race against other teams and battle to be the bearers of the coveted cheese in this madcap multiplayer throwdown.Tread carefully, and choose your path wisely. Roshan's labyrinth is home to fearsome beasts, cunning obstacles, and of course, a priceless wheel of cheese. Work together to explore the maze of caves before an enemy team—or worse, Roshan—finds you first.Survive the enemy onslaught and Roshan's advance to claim victory and liberate the Roshefort Wheel. In addition to the joy of defeating your enemies, and the thrill of outlasting the competition to escape the Underhollow, you might be in line for an influx of Battle Points.Descend into the caves beneath the riverlands and battle your way to fortune and glory. Just win games with designated heroes in your normal Dota matches to explore deeper parts of the battle cavern. With exclusive item sets, bonus Battle Points, and even a cosmically rare Jade Baby Roshan at stake, each game is another step towards riches.The magic of the Ancients has gone haywire, and the laws of existence are under siege. Queue up for Mutation, an unranked game mode played with a random selection of gameplay modifiers ranging from global Rupture events to the ability to resurrect your teammates. With a new set of modifiers in effect each day, you'll need to be on your toes to destroy the enemy Ancient and stop the mutation madness.Now you can speak your mind without even opening your mouth. With new Chat Wheel Sprays, you can spray select images onto the map to let friends and enemies alike know just how you feel.It's time to find out if you really have what it takes to battle against your betters. As you progress along the Battle Pass rewards path, you'll earn Team Challenge Tokens. Spend one token to match your five-stack into the Ranked queue at a higher difficulty. Defeat the stronger opponents and your whole team will haul in a substantial MMR boost and bonus Battle Points.Enlist some new recruits to march mindlessly towards the enemy Ancient with new cavern-themed lane creeps. These creeps can be equipped in the Global Items loadout, and will feel right at home wandering the lanes of the default map, the seasonal terrain, or the all-new Emerald Abyss terrain.It's important to recognize the accomplishments of others, and with the new In-Game Tipping feature, it's never been easier to celebrate success. Feel free to tip your allies for setting up a kill, or even doff your hat in admiration of a maddeningly effective enemy smoke gank. You can issue up to three tips during a single game, up to a maximum of ten tips per week. Tips will initially bestow 25 Battle Points, but as your Battle Levels increase, so will your generosity. Tips are worth 50 Battle Points from level 92, 100 BP from level 337, and 200 BP from level 1505. Tips don't come from your own point stash, so there's no need to be frugal.Now Battle Pass owners can set their Lane Preference before they even enter the queue. Just match into the new Ranked Roles mode with a lane selected—either Safe, Mid, Offlane, or Support. The matchmaker will build a complete group, and show each player’s position to your team during pre-game. You can still choose whichever hero best fits your needs, but now you'll be able to build your strategy knowing exactly which roles your teammates want to play.Want to flex your powers of prognostication? Battle Pass owners can now use a web browser or mobile device to predict the outcomes of Pro Circuit matches for a chance to earn extra Battle Points. Start making predictions for matches beginning with the MDL Changsha Major, then sit back and prepare to watch those Battle Levels rise.This year we've added Team Sprays to the rewards for collecting a full set of Fantasy Player Cards for any team, and now you can fill in gaps in your rosters by purchasing specific player cards with Dust. Show support for your favorite five-man with Teleport Effects, Profile Icons, and Effigy Flags. Collect a full set of Silver or Gold cards for some special upgrades.Each year, the Dota 2 community comes together to raise the largest prize pool in all of esports. If the total surpasses last year's mark of $24,787,916, every Battle Pass owner will receive 10,000 bonus Battle Points. To sweeten the pot, you'll get another 10,000 Battle Points on top of that if the final tally eclipses $30,000,000.The International Battle Pass is still loaded with a host of old favorites.Each week you'll receive a balance of Tokens to place on the line at the start of each game. Make your wager and back it up with a victory to earn additional Battle Points. Your weekly Token limit will increase as your Battle Level rises.The tradition continues. Once again, the community of Battle Pass owners is invited to select the next hero to receive a coveted Arcana item. With a history of fierce contests and surprising outcomes, the Arcana Vote helps define the shape of the things to come.Work alone or match wits with your friends to choose the right answers and best the global competition. Correct answers will award bonus points if a majority of players guess wrong. With a cycling variety of questions, and a Trivia chatroom inhabited by both friend and foe, you can buff up on the finer points of Dota and work towards Battle Level-boosting Trivia Achievements.Have a duplicate Immortal and no giftee in mind? Recycle unwanted Immortal items for an influx of extra Battle Points.Rylai and her wheel of random rewards are back in time for some cool summer treats. With a treasure trove of items to receive, all you need to do is spin to win!All Battle Pass owners also receive The International 2018 Compendium, your digital companion to the biggest tournament of the year. Click over to your Compendium to fill out predictions, set your Bracket, undertake the Fantasy Challenge, check out tournament info, and more.Raise your Battle Level to unlock increasing numbers of exclusive rewards.Level up by completing Battle Pass objectives or purchasing Battle Level Bundles directly. Push your level high enough and you'll earn additional Immortal Treasures, a new equippable terrain, evolving courier, hero taunts, and more.Each treasure contains one Immortal item and may also contain a bonus rare, very rare, or ultra rare item.Receive one of each treasure when you purchase the Battle Pass, then earn Immortal Treasures at these levels:Treasure I: 1 - 10 - 22 - 34 - 46 - 80 - 220 (repeats every 30 levels)Treasure II: 1 - 98 - 112 - 132 - 152 - 230 (repeats every 30 levels)Treasure III: 1 - 164 - 178 - 194 - 206 - 240 (repeats every 30 levels)Level 140 - Earn bonus pack of 3 Immortal treasuresLevel 375 - Earn bonus pack of 10 Immortal treasuresImmortal items cannot be traded or marketed through The International 2019. Until then, each item can be gifted once, and ultra rare items can be traded immediately.Stand out from the crowd with a cosmically rare drop that bestows an exclusive emblem effect upon your heroes until next year's International. This year, each Immortal Treasure you open offers a cosmically-rare chance to drop an Emblem of the Crystal Echelon. Demo the emblem in the Global Items loadout to check out the effects.As you progress along the rewards path, you'll unlock new options to spray onto the map so you can let friends and enemies alike know just how you feel.Sound Pack 1 (2017)Sound Pack 2Caster Pack 1Sound Pack 3 (2017)Caster Pack 2Caster Pack 3Caster Pack 4Caster Pack 5 (2017)Caster Pack 6Epic Caster PackIn the Dota community, the right sound bite can describe a moment better than text or emoticons ever will, and with the addition of a second in-game chat wheel, players have even more options to express themselves. Five new caster packs and a new sound pack have been added alongside last year's favorites to offer even more ways for you to convey that perfect, timely sentiment.This item will never be tradable or purchasable on the marketplace.Unlock it before The International ends.Dig deep into the Battle Pass rewards with a trip into the Emerald Abyss. All pass owners who reach Battle Level 160 will be permanently awarded this terrain.This terrain does not expireThis item will never be tradable or purchasable on the marketplace.Unlock it before The International ends.
					Includes Unlockable Style
					Journey to level 255 of your Battle Pass to receive the exclusive Lion Prestige item. With custom Finger of Death effects and an alternate style unlocked by scoring 50 high-damage kills with the ability, there's never been a better reason to send your enemies back to hell again and again.				Battle Pass owners that strike level 75 will be granted the upcoming Meepo Announcer and Killing Spree bundle. Unearth Meepo's blue-collar wisdom and you'll have all the tools and perspectives you need to get the job done right.Each Trust of the Benefactor contains one of the three 2018 Immortal Treasures, plus the ultra-rare chance to receive an additional treasure containing one of a number of limited-run items.PhoenixRikiWraith KingEnigmaMiranaPhoenixWeaverPhantom AssassinTuskPugnaDeath ProphetOmniknightAs a special gift to Battle Pass owners who crest level 615, we'll be granting an exclusive 'Promise of Eminent Revival' Legacy Bundle later this summer filled with new takes on five select items from previous Battle Pass Immortal treasures, featuring unlockable styles you can earn through play.A veteran of the subterranean logistics trade, Eimer 'Tubs' Hillburrow guarantees prompt—or at least eventual—transport of all precious items, barring two exceptions. With six additional style unlocks, Eimer can even upgrade his equipment to meet the needs of any job.Starting at Battle Level 68, you'll receive mystical River Vials that allow your hero to change the substance and color of the river for everyone in the game. Just stand in the river and activate a vial to transform the river for three minutes. Each of your vials can be used once per game, and there’s no limit to the number of games in which you can activate a vial.+ 500 BP+ 500 BP+ 1000 BPHeute endet die Schlachtenpass-Saison zu The International 10. Wir danken allen für ihre Teilnahme. Obgleich dieses Jahr am Ende kein Team die Ägis stolz emporheben konnte, hoffen wir alle hier bei Valve, dass Sie und Ihre Familien gesund bleiben. Wir freuen uns, alle bei TI10 wiederzusehen.Nun, da die Saison zu Ende ist, können wir auch endlich das Ergebnis der Arkana-Abstimmung 2020 verkünden. Dieses Jahr hat die Community Millionen von Stimmen für zwei der lilasten Helden des Dota-2-Kaders abgegeben: Faceless Void und Spectre. Mit einem Vorsprung von 27.475.258 zu 24.948.538 Stimmen geht der Sieg an: Spectre. Das Team nimmt sich nun der Aufgabe an, ein Arkana zu entwerfen, das Mercurial, dem Schemen angemessen ist und ihre dunkle Energie in bisher unbekannten Formen kanalisiert. Wie wird sie ihre Opfer quälen? Auf welche Art und Weise wird ihre Refraktion ihre Gegner brechen? In welchen tödlichen Farben wird sie glühen, wenn sie ihr Ziel mit ihrem Spektralen Dolch anvisiert? Ja, natürlich in Lila, aber in welcher SCHATTIERUNG von Lila? Nicht verzagen, sehr geehrte Lavendelliebhaber, Pflaumenphilantropen und Violettvorzieher. Gedulden Sie sich und alle (oder vielleicht doch nur ein paar) dieser Fragen werden beantwortet.Des Weiteren gibt es nächste Woche neue Informationen zu Dota Plus. Unter anderem Updates zu Gilden, einer neuen Dota-Plus-Saison und einem neuen Mechanismus zum Zurücksetzen der MMW. Don't have a Steam account?  You can create an account for free.Il Tesoro Immortale III è ora disponibile e include oggetti nuovi di zecca per Pugna, Clockwerk, Oracle, Treant, Gyrocopter e Lich.Oltre a questi oggetti, ciascuno di questi tesori che apri offre probabilità aumentate di ricevere una ricompensa rara di 50 livelli del Pass Battaglia, una versione molto rara di un oggetto per Pugna o le ultra rare Ali di Phoenix. Come sempre, c’è anche una probabilità universalmente rara di scoprire un Emblema Divino.Il Pass Battaglia verrà esteso per altre 3 settimane, fino al 9 ottobre, quando verranno svelati i risultati del voto Arcano (indizio: un carry viola corpo a corpo che può percorrere grandi distanze con facilità). Durante questi ultimi giorni, ogni possessore del Pass Battaglia può acquistare fino a due pacchetti di 60 livelli al 30% di sconto.Vai sulla pagina del Pass Battaglia per un’anteprima dei nuovi oggetti e degli effetti personalizzati contenuti nel tesoro.Últimamente hemos escuchado un montón de quejas sobre el estado del circuito profesional de Dota, y estamos de acuerdo en que deberíamos hacer más. Nos gustaría usar este blog para hablaros sobre lo que ha estado pasando, cuáles han sido nuestras reflexiones y lo que vamos a hacer a partir de ahora.Una vez que comprendimos el alcance de la pandemia del Covid-19, anunciamos nuestros planes de retrasar The International y empezamos a reservar recintos para varios días y países alternativos de todo el mundo. Luego empezamos a investigar cómo llevar a cabo The International dependiendo de la evolución de la pandemia en distintos escenarios, con la esperanza de poder celebrarlo lo antes posible. Como los eventos del circuito profesional de Dota ya no iban a poder realizarse, empezamos a contactar a los organizadores para ver qué iban a querer hacer más adelante. Algunos de esos organizadores expresaron su deseo de realizar eventos organizados por terceros para tener cubierto desde marzo hasta el final del verano.Según nos hemos ido acercado a la mitad del verano, la inestabilidad de la pandemia ha ido creciendo significativamente por lo que nos encontramos muy preocupados con el impacto que podría tener en próximos eventos del circuito profesional de Dota y en The International. La situación global significaba que los eventos interregionales no iban a poder realizarse a corto plazo y, desde entonces, se han visto casos a nivel mundial, en otras competiciones, donde equipos de ciertos países han tenido que ser excluidos después de clasificarse debido a repentinas restricciones y complicaciones para viajar. Aunque ya habíamos asumido que tener una multitud para los eventos del circuito profesional de Dota no era posible, queríamos al menos estar seguros de poder reunir a todos los equipos para la competición interregional. Nos pareció que era un aspecto importante de cómo íbamos a asignar los puntos del circuito profesional de Dota en The International. Tampoco estábamos seguros de cuándo se realizaría The International. Preparar un evento así requiere tiempo y la creciente propagación del virus hicieron más complicado establecer un marco de tiempo fiable. La posibilidad de que la temporada del circuito profesional de Dota se alejara del camino hacia The International fue negativa para nosotros. Hacer eso también implicaría introducir un sistema de caducidad de puntos del circuito profesional de Dota que, en sí mismo, no es algo malo, pero tener que introducirlo súbitamente a mitad de temporada si la situación cambiara sí tendría algunas desventajas. Además, también habíamos recibido algunos comentarios de un par de organizadores a los que les preocupaba que la calidad de las retransmisiones fuera más baja o eran reacios a organizar eventos del circuito profesional de Dota durante el otoño. Aunque ni la competición interregional ni la distancia relativa a The International son requisitos absolutos, consideramos que el circuito profesional de Dota forma parte de The International y es un producto coherente para los fans, y que sería mejor pausarlos por el momento. Dicho esto, nuestro plan era dejar los próximos meses libres y disponibles para que se realizaran otras ligas y eventos. Siempre hemos querido que los torneos realizados por terceros pudieran realizarse fuera de The International (aunque esto ha fluido a lo largo de los años, ya que han aumentado las demandas de fans y jugadores de tener canales más estructurados que conduzcan al TI). Teníamos la esperanza de poder establecer una mejor y más coherente relación entre el circuito profesional de Dota y The International mientras permitíamos que los eventos de terceros tuvieran un impacto. Se buscaba que los fans aún pudieran disfrutar de contenido durante el otoño.Poco después de que anunciamos que no íbamos a proceder de inmediato con el circuito profesional de Dota como estaba planeado, recibimos muchos comentarios negativos de los fans. Creemos que muchos de los puntos que se plantearon fueron críticas razonables hacia nosotros, especialmente porque no les comunicamos cuáles eran nuestras intenciones y qué podían esperar en el futuro.Para esta próxima temporada competitiva, habrá al menos cuatro eventos y ligas de terceros en eventos de la UE/CEI, tres en China y algunos otros que todavía están en las etapas de planificación preliminar y no pueden comprometerse en este momento. Sin embargo, todavía habrá muchos equipos, presentadores, organizadores y fans en todo el mundo que no serán atendidos de manera significativa según la trayectoria actual y esa es culpa nuestra por no avanzar y apoyarlos lo suficiente.Con eso en mente, comenzamos a contactar a muchos más organizadores de torneos para ofrecer ayuda y apoyo financiero con el fin de poder crear una mayor cobertura a nivel mundial durante el resto del año. Esperamos que estos eventos se anuncien gradualmente durante la temporada restante tan pronto como estén listos para comunicarse con los fans y los equipos.Otro comentario que recibimos tanto de los jugadores como de los fans fue que querían más claridad sobre lo que pensábamos eran las fechas probables para que el circuito profesional de Dota y el The International se reanudaran. Nuestra previsión en este momento es anticipar que el inicio del circuito profesional de Dota será en el primer o segundo mes de 2021. Nuestra esperanza es que para cuando concluya la primera liga del circuito profesional de Dota, las limitaciones de viaje serán más predecibles y las restricciones repentinas serán menos probables, lo que permitirá que los Majors se puedan realizar entre regiones. También estamos operando bajo el supuesto de que el resultado más probable es que The International tenga lugar en Estocolmo en agosto de 2021. Si bien tenemos otros países en la recámara, reconocemos que los fans se molestarían si lo moviéramos a otra ubicación si el ahorro de tiempo no fuera lo suficientemente significativo.También escuchamos tus comentarios e inquietudes sobre los derechos de retransmisión de Dota TV. Este ha sido un tema que hemos discutido abiertamente en el pasado y, a medida que recopilamos más información, nuestras opiniones han evolucionado un poco. Básicamente, todavía creemos que los emisores de la comunidad que brindan sus propios comentarios sobre un torneo son un valor neto positivo para los fans y la escena competitiva. También creemos que, a largo plazo, el propio torneo se beneficia de una visibilidad adicional a los fans de esos emisores de la comunidad. Sin embargo, es cierto que esto puede causar una pérdida de ingresos a corto plazo, así como una capacidad reducida de monetizar de manera más efectiva para los organizadores de los torneos. A partir del 15 de septiembre, la licencia de Dota se actualizará para reflejar lo siguiente: Los organizadores que realicen torneos de Dota 2 deberán proporcionar a los emisores de la comunidad un conjunto razonable de requisitos no monetarios y simples de ejecutar, tales como mostrar a los patrocinadores de los organizadores en sus retransmisiones o tener un ligero retraso en las partidas. Los emisores de la comunidad podrán usar la retransmisión de DotaTV en su retransmisión siempre y cuando estén de acuerdo con esos requisitos. Creemos que esto brindará más certeza y confianza a los emisores de la comunidad para poder retransmitir sin mucho lío, mientras que al mismo tiempo protegerá algunos intereses claves que tienen los organizadores del torneo. Para evitar posibles problemas de última hora, le recomendamos a los presentadores que deseen retransmitir un torneo el coordinarse con el organizador de forma anticipada, para así asegurarse de que pueden cumplir con los requisitos presentados. Los organizadores de torneos y las partes interesadas que tengan preguntas, pueden comunicarse con nosotros a través de [email protected]We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.Eager to dash into danger at a moment's notice, the Pangolier thrives on disrupting enemy movements and placing himself in the midst of chaos. Artfully guiding his blade between cracks in armor and shrugging off attacks with his protective scales, this graceful swordsman is always ready to roll into battle.The men and women that make up the Nivan Gallants live a life of swordplay, chandelier swinging, and tawdry romance. And while all adhere to their creed that “A life of adventure is the only life worth living,” the exploits of Donté Panlin still manage to raise the eyebrows of even the most hedonistic of swordsmen.
 
There is no monster he won’t slay. No creature he won’t woo. No tyrant he won’t stand against. And no noble immune to his silver tongue.Pangolier dashes to a new position, assaulting enemies in the target direction with multiple quick thrusts, dealing physical damage and apply on hit effects.Pangolier jumps in the air and slams back to the ground. Enemies around him are damaged and grant him temporary damage reduction the more heroes he hits.Pangolier reads his enemies perfectly, deftly slipping his blade past defenses to give his attacks a chance to slow the target and fully negate enemy armor after a short delay.Pangolier curls into a magic-immune ball and thunders forward, damaging and stunning any enemies he hits. Shield Crash can also be used while this ability is active to jump over obstacles. Has a brief channeling period.A slight flutter from the shadows may be all an enemy sees of Dark Willow, as she eludes pursuit and controls her foe's movements with cunning fae tricks. Calling upon powers far more ancient than any scholarly magic, she binds enemies in place before unleashing the full wrath and terror of the fae realm upon them.Children love telling stories about the whimsical adventures of fairies... That’s because children don’t know that most fairies are spiteful jerks. And in the world of spiteful fairies there are few names spoken of with more contempt than Mireska Sunbreeze. 

Born to a fae merchant king, Mireska grew up in Revtel; a cutthroat nation where manipulation and murder were the norm. But while she was quite adept at navigating the etiquette, unspoken laws, and social rituals that permeated every element of her life, she found the whole thing rather boring.  

So, Mireska did what most rebellious children do: burn down her family estate and set off with her pet wisp Jex to live the life of a wandering grifter.Dark Willow creates a maze of brambles that latch onto enemies who walk into a thicket, damaging them and applying a root.Dark Willow recedes into the Shadow Realm, becoming untargetable and gaining increasing bonus magic damage for her next attack the longer she remains in the shadows.Dark Willow bestows a cursed fae crown upon an enemy. After a four second delay, the target and any other enemies nearby are stunned.Dark Willow's companion Jex circles around her, dealing damage to nearby enemies. Cannot be used while Terrorize is active.Dark Willow's companion Jex strikes fear into her enemies, causing them to run towards their home fountain. Cannot be used while Bedlam is active.In this update we've reworked how the matchmaking rating system works for both ranked and unranked players, changing to a six-month seasonal system. These regular seasons will ensure that MMR is both recent and accurate for all players, which will lead to better quality games for everyone.
 
During each season all players will earn a medal for their profile based on peak skill for that season. There are seven different medals, and within each medal there are five stars of progress to earn toward the next medal. Your current medal as well as your previous season’s medal will be displayed to all players before each match.
 
At the start of each season all players will recalibrate MMR, seeded by their previous season’s MMR. Your current historical preseason MMR value will be recorded and selectable in your profile, and ranked players will continue to be able to track their current seasonal MMR value.
 
To give everyone a chance to prepare, the first season will begin in two weeks.Hero guides can now be viewed in the Learn tab, allowing players easy access to a wealth of communal Dota knowledge about item, ability, and talent builds for all 115 heroes. You can also drag, drop, and annotate to create or edit your own guides, and even publish them for other players to use. Each guide calls out its gameplay patch and which role it covers, so you'll never feel lost in battle again.Dota Turbo has been added to the search queue. This new game mode keeps the same rules as All Pick but shortens match time by granting more Gold & XP to heroes; making defensive towers weaker; and reducing respawn time. Turbo's relaxed rules and buy-anywhere shop system allow for casual, quick matches perfect for trying new heroes and strategies, or introducing friends to Dota in a more forgiving environment.Ability Draft has been updated with a completely new draft interface. Plus, players can now swap the hotkey order of abilities and chat with their teammates during the draft. We've also added support for fifteen previously-unusable heroes, and fixed abnormal behavior with multiple others. Think you can build a godlike set of killer abilities? Queue up and find out.Kaldr is looking cooler than ever with the debut of a new Ancient Apparition hero model and ambient effects.With new additions to ping functionality, players have more communication tools than ever before. Now you can use the ping wheel to convey your hero's movement objectives, call out ward spots, and give the classic attack/retreat commands. Pings will appear on both the map and mini-map, and will be accompanied by a location callout in team chat.All owners of the Bladeform Legacy Arcana for Juggernaut will be granted a new voice pack for the hero that you can equip to replace Juggernaut's default voice with a special Arcana version. The Juggernaut now speaks with the power of an ancient lineage of revered warriors. Connected once again to the land of the living, these progenitors of the Isle of Masks shall not fall silent again.В последнее время участились жалобы на ситуацию с профессиональным сезоном, и мы согласны, что нам следует уделить ей больше внимания. В этом блоге мы хотим рассказать о том, что происходило в последнее время, какие у нас были идеи и что мы собираемся делать дальше.Когда масштаб пандемии Covid-19 стал очевиден, мы объявили о намерениях отложить The International и начали предварительно бронировать площадки по всему миру на разные даты. Мы начали раздумывать о том, как можно провести The International при разных сценариях развития пандемии, и надеялись сделать это как можно быстрее. Поскольку мероприятия весеннего сезона пришлось отменить, мы стали связываться с организаторами, чтобы узнать их планы на будущее. Некоторые из них выразили намерение проводить сторонние события в период с марта до конца лета.Приближалась середина лета, а масштабы пандемии значительно увеличивались. Нас стало крайне беспокоить то, как это может повлиять на будущие турниры профессионального сезона и The International. Ситуация в мире означала, что мы ещё не скоро сможем собрать международное мероприятие, да и в других соревнованиях частой была ситуация, когда прошедшие отбор команды из определённых стран не могли участвовать из-за запретов на въезд и связанных с этим проблем. Хоть мы и смирились, что на турнирах профессионального сезона не получится собирать толпу зрителей, нам хотелось хотя бы быть уверенными в том, что мы сможем привезти на международное соревнование все коллективы. Мы считали, что это очень важно для того, чтобы распределять очки сезона. Мы также не были уверены в том, когда пройдёт сам The International. На его подготовку требуется много времени, а распространение вируса только мешает задать конкретные временные рамки. Возможность того, что путь команд к The International будет слишком отделён от хода профессионального сезона, нас не устраивала. В таком случае нужно разработать систему, которая со временем вычитала бы очки сезона, что само по себе звучит не так уж и плохо, но вводить её из-за изменений посреди сезона — идея не такая и хорошая. Более того, мы получили отзывы от нескольких организаторов, которые либо волновались, что качество осенних трансляций может снизиться, либо вовсе не хотели заниматься турнирами профессионального сезона в это время. Хоть межрегиональные мероприятия или относительный перерыв перед The International не являются строгими требованиями, профессиональный сезон является и его неотъемлемой частью, и целостным продуктом для фанатов, поэтому мы решили ненадолго его приостановить. Взяв это в расчёт, мы решили освободить несколько следующих месяцев для других лиг и турниров. Наш подход всегда заключался в том, что помимо The International должны проводиться и другие турниры, с ним не связанные (хотя на протяжении последних лет ситуация была непостоянной, так как и фанаты, и игроки требовали более систематического подхода к профессиональному сезону и отборам на TI). Мы надеялись, что сможем таким способом лучше и нагляднее связать профессиональный сезон и The International, при этом дав возможность сторонним турнирам проявить себя, чтобы у фанатов было что посмотреть на протяжении осени.Вскоре после того, как мы объявили об отсрочке профессионального сезона, на нас обрушился шквал критики от фанатов. Мы думаем, что высказанные в наш адрес претензии во многих случаях небезосновательны, в частности потому что мы не сообщили о намерениях и планах на будущее.В предстоящем соревновательном сезоне пройдут по меньшей мере четыре сторонних турнира и лиги в Европе и СНГ, три в Китае, а ещё несколько сейчас планируются, и их проведение пока не могут подтвердить окончательно. Несмотря на это, в связи с нынешними тенденциями не будут удовлетворены потребности многих команд, комментаторов, организаторов и фанатов со всего мира, и мы виноваты в том, что не поддерживаем их в достаточной мере и не настаиваем на проведении турниров.Именно поэтому мы начали связываться со многими организаторами турниров, чтобы предложить им помощь и финансовую поддержку, которая позволит обеспечить более широкий охват до конца этого года. Мы предполагаем, что эти мероприятия будут постепенно анонсированы в течение оставшегося сезона, как только организаторы будут готовы рассказать о них фанатам и командам.Помимо этого, игроки и фанаты просили нас прояснить, когда мы планируем возобновить профессиональный сезон и провести The International. На сегодняшний день мы ожидаем, что сезон начнётся в первые месяцы 2021 года. Мы надеемся, что к окончанию первой лиги сезона ограничения на передвижения будут более предсказуемы, а внезапные запреты станут менее вероятны, что позволит проводить мейджор-турниры и межрегиональные соревнования. Мы также исходим из того, что наиболее вероятным станет проведение The International в Стокгольме в августе 2021 года. Несмотря на то что у нас есть запасные планы с другими странами, мы понимаем, что фанаты будет расстроены, если мы решим сменить место проведения турнира без существенной экономии времени.Мы также получили ваши отзывы и беспокойства по поводу прав на транслирование игр через DotaTV. Мы и раньше открыто обсуждали эту тему, и теперь, когда у нас появилось больше данных, наши взгляды немного изменились. Мы по-прежнему считаем, что трансляции членов сообщества, которые самостоятельно комментируют турнир, приносят пользу как фанатам, так и соревновательной среде. Мы также считаем, что в долгосрочной перспективе организаторы тоже остаются в плюсе от расширения аудитории, узнающей о турнире через подобные трансляции. Однако нельзя отрицать, что в краткосрочной перспективе организаторы могут понести финансовые убытки, так как у них остаётся меньше возможности заработать. Поэтому, начиная с 15 сентября, в лицензию Dota 2 добавятся следующие изменения: организаторы турниров по Dota 2 обязаны предоставить комментаторам из сообщества объективные и простые к исполнению неденежные требования для проведения трансляций: например, отображение на них спонсоров турнира или задержку относительно официальной трансляции организатора. Если комментатор из сообщества согласен с предложенными условиями, он может транслировать игру через DotaTV. Мы считаем, что так деятели из сообщества не будут сомневаться, могут ли они транслировать игру без лишней неразберихи, а часть ключевых интересов организаторов будет защищена. Чтобы избежать неожиданных эксцессов, мы рекомендуем желающим транслировать турнир заранее связываться с организаторами, чтобы успеть выполнить все необходимые требования. Организаторы турниров и причастные к этому лица могут связаться с нами по любым вопросам, написав на электронный адрес: [email protected]El Alijo del Coleccionista de The International 10 está de vuelta con una segunda tanda de artículos del Workshop de Dota 2, presentando sets completos para una amplia variedad de héroes favoritos, incluido un set raro para Templar Assassin, un set muy raro para Faceless Void y un set ultra raro para Legion Commander.La apertura de catorce de estos tesoros (ya disponibles por 2.49 USD cada uno) te otorgará automáticamente treinta y cuatro niveles de batalla, y las probabilidades de recibir un objeto raro adicional aumentan con cada uno que abras. También puedes reciclar cualquier set que no quieras para obtener dos niveles de batalla.El volumen II del Alijo del Coleccionista solo estará disponible durante los próximos treinta días y es la única manera de conseguir estos sets de objetos exclusivos, excepto el ultrarraro de Legion Commander, que se podrá vender cuando termine The International 11. Como ya es tradición, el 25 % de los ingresos por cada venta se destina directamente al fondo para premios de The International 10.Una vez más, nos gustaría dar las gracias a todos los artistas de la comunidad que han presentado propuestas en el Workshop de Dota 2, así como a la comunidad del pase de batalla por su apoyo.O Tesouro Imortal II já está disponível e inclui itens para Magnus, Slardar, Troll Warlord, Sven, Silencer e Witch Doctor.Além destes itens, a cada tesouro que abrir, você terá mais chances de receber um raro par de asas para Jakiro, versões douradas muito raras para os itens do Witch Doctor e Slardar e ainda a chance ultrarrara de receber um filhotinho para o Ursa. Há também a chance cosmicamente rara de encontrar um Emblema da Divindade.Todos os portadores do passe de batalha podem encontrar um Tesouro Imortal II pronto para ser aberto no seu arsenal, e é possível obter mais ao subir de nível no passe de batalha. Enquanto isso, acesse a página do passe de batalha e veja uma prévia dos novos itens e efeitos personalizados contidos no tesouro.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.Don't have a Steam account?  You can create an account for free.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.가을 시즌의 시작과 함께 찾아온 도타 플러스와 길드 업데이트 사항을 알려드리겠습니다. 새로운 시즌은 오늘부터 시작되어 2020년 12월 초까지 진행될 예정입니다.2020 가을 보물도타 플러스 회원은 지금 바로 파편으로 새로운 보물을 구매하실 수 있습니다. 해당 보물에는 닉스 암살자, 레슈락, 메두사, 복수 혼령, 길쌈꾼, 태엽장이, 얼굴없는 전사, 파멸의 사도, 스벤, 도끼전사, 수정의 여인, 얼음폭군을 위해 커뮤니티에서 제작한 12세트가 담겨 있습니다. 이번 보물에서는 에테르와 프리즘 보석을 다시 선보였는데, 두 보석 중 하나가 무작위로 박힌 짐꾼으로 매우 희귀한 ‘타오르는 유생체’가 들어 있습니다. 현재로는 3달마다 파편으로 구매할 수 있는 신규 계절 보물을 소개할 계획입니다. 다음 보물은 12월 1일에 출시되며, 그 후 3달마다 선보일 예정입니다. 그에 맞춰 시즌 퀘스트와 시즌 지형도 함께 선보입니다. 도타 플러스 업데이트파편을 획득하는 기존 방식에 더해, 도타 플러스 회원은 2020년 가을 새로운 퀘스트 시즌에서 최대 57,850개의 파편을 획득할 수 있습니다. 이렇게 획득하는 추가 파편은 시즌 보물을 차지하기에 좋은 재원이 됩니다. 도타 플러스 회원은 새로운 ‘역할 도우미’ 영웅 보기 배열을 이용할 수 있습니다. 도타 커뮤니티에서는 영웅을 새롭고도 다양한 방법으로 플레이하므로, 새로운 ‘역할 도우미’는 랭크 역할 매치메이킹의 모든 영웅 선택을 자동으로 저장하고 가장 많이 선택된 역할로 영웅을 표시합니다. 해당 데이터는 자동으로 최신 경향을 강조하여 나타내며, MMR 랭크에 따라 선별하여 볼 수 있습니다.몇 가지 전투 패스 기능도 도타 플러스로 이전되었습니다.또한, 기피 플레이어 목록에 등록할 수 있는 플레이어 수가 16명에서 25명으로 늘어났습니다.모두를 위한 파편모든 플레이어 여러분이 파편을 획득하고 사용하는 즐거움을 누리실 수 있도록, 파편을 도타 플러스 회원만이 아니라 모두가 사용할 수 있는 화폐로 변경했습니다.파편을 획득하는 방법으로 가장 좋은 것은 도타 플러스이지만, 일반 플레이어도 파편을 획득할 수 있도록 다음과 같은 기능을 제공합니다.길드 업데이트전투 패스 기간에 다시 선보인 길드에 많은 플레이어가 참여하고 관련하여 좋은 의견을 주셔서 감사했습니다. 기존 길드는 그대로 유지되지만, 지급된 보상 중 다수가 전투 패스 환경에서만 유용한 것이었습니다. 항상 길드와 함께 게임을 즐길 수 있도록 이러한 기능을 다시 설계했습니다.길드에는 이제 길드 레벨이 없습니다. 대신 해당 지역에서 획득한 길드 점수에 따라 주간 순위표가 결정됩니다. 매주 1번씩, 길드원은 새로운 길드 등급을 부여받고 파편을 보상으로 획득합니다. 도타 플러스 회원은 파편을 두 배로 얻습니다. 주간 순위표 내 길드 순위에 따라 특별한 혜택을 누릴 수 있습니다. 특전은 시간이 지나면 변경될 수 있습니다. 현재 특전으로 제공되는 세트는 다음과 같습니다.주말에는 보유한 전체 길드 점수가 일정 비율에 따라 감소합니다. 새로운 길드가 기존 길드를 따라잡을 수 있도록 기회를 제공하려는 목적이지만, 어쨌거나 앞선 길드를 따라잡으려면 꽤 열심히 노력해야 할 겁니다! 본 기능으로 매주 점수를 얻고자 협력하면서 적극적으로 활동하는 길드가 보상을 얻었으면 하기에, 이를 위해 계속 상황을 지켜보며 주간 감소 폭을 조정해 나갈 예정임을 참고하시기 바랍니다. 이제 길드 계약으로 길드 점수와 파편 모두를 획득합니다. 모든 플레이어가 매일 계약 칸 1개를 이용할 수 있으며, 도타 플러스 회원에게는 2번째 칸이 제공됩니다. 길드 도전 과제는 이전과 같이 길드원 3명 이상을 포함하는 파티로 완료할 수 있으며, 참가한 길드원은 순위표 순위를 결정하는 길드 점수를 획득합니다. 길드에 소속되어 매치를 플레이하면 길드 점수를 획득하며 길드원과 파티를 맺으면 보너스를 얻습니다.누구나 길드에 가입할 수 있으나 도타 플러스 회원만 길드를 새로 만들 수 있습니다.랭크 시즌예전에는 MMR 초기화를 모두 동시에 하도록 했기에 여러 가지 부정적인 현상이 나타났습니다. 그 때문에 6개월마다 초기화를 진행하기가 쉽지 않았습니다. 그러나, 최근 이러한 어려움을 토로하고 난 뒤 해당 기능이 정말 유용하다는 의견과 더불어 어떻게 하면 좋을지 다양한 제안을 많이 받았습니다.이번 시즌에는 MMR 초기화에 새로운 접근 방법을 시도해 보고자 합니다. 초기화를 원하는 플레이어에게 MMR 초기화를 선택 사항으로 제공하면서, 대신 분산 시행함으로써 너무 많은 불안 요소(재산정 시 기존에 나타났던 불안 요소 외에)가 동시에 나타나지 않도록 했습니다. 이번에 시도하는 방법으로, MMR 초기화로 발생하는 부정적 현상이 대부분 해결되는 동시에 초기화를 원하는 분들이 좀 더 안정적인 상황에서 초기화를 진행하실 수 있기를 희망합니다.로그인 후 설정으로 가면 계정 부문 아래 새로운 MMR 재산정 항목이 있습니다. 모두 동시에 재산정을 진행하는 상황을 피하고자, 2020년 10월 22일부터 2020년 11월 22일 사이에 고르게 분산된 시간에 시작되며 시즌이 끝나기 전까지 언제든 재산정을 활성화할 수 있습니다. 재산정 버튼이 활성화되었을 때 바로 눌러도 좋고, 아예 누르지 않아도 좋고, 경쟁 플레이 몇 판으로 먼저 손을 풀어본 후에 눌러도 좋습니다.소통커뮤니티에서는 계속 저희가 어떤 작업을 하고 있는지 좀 더 많은 얘기를 듣고 싶어 했습니다. 무엇이든 출시할 준비가 되기 전에는 이야기하지 않으려는 이유는 여러 가지가 있습니다. 계획이 바뀌기도 하고 아이디어가 구체적으로 발전되지 않기도 합니다. 출시 날짜를 확정 짓기 어려울 때도 있으며 업데이트 범위에 헛된 기대감을 품게 하고 싶지도 않고 예상이 틀려 실망감을 안겨드리고 싶지도 않습니다.그런 까닭에, 때때로 이러한 접근 방식과 정보를 얻고 싶은 커뮤니티의 요구 사이에서 균형을 잡아야 한다는 사실을 알고 있습니다. 이런 차원에서 몇 가지 주제에 관해 좀 더 많은 정보를 여러분과 나누고자 합니다.먼저 신규 영웅과 관련한 사항입니다. 커뮤니티에서는 매년 가을에 신규 영웅이 출시되기를 기대한다는 사실을 압니다. (보통 11월경 어느 시점에 출시되었음) 현재 새로운 영웅은 11월 말에 출시하고, 그 이후 내년 1분기 중 그다음 영웅을 출시한 뒤 연내 추가로 더 출시하는 것을 목표로 하고 있습니다. 최근에는 The International 전후에 대부분의 콘텐츠와 업데이트를 적용하기보다 일 년 동안 업데이트를 분산하여 진행하는 방식으로 전체 개발을 진행하면 어떨지를 고려해 보는 중입니다. 콘텐츠를 꾸준히 출시하는 방식이 사용자 여러분께는 이전 방식보다는 더 매력적으로 느껴졌으면 하는 마음입니다.최근 저희가 작업하는 또 다른 영역은 플레이어 행동과 악의적 행동과 관련한 내용입니다. 저희가 해온 작업 중 일부는 패치 노트 없이 최근 공개되었고, 일부 작업은 아직 개발 중으로 향후 적용될 예정입니다. 저희는 부계정 탐지 시스템을 개선하였고, 그에 따라 새로운 부계정이 일반 신규 플레이어와 함께 섞이지 않도록 구분하기 시작했습니다. 이제 부계정은 다른 부계정들과만 플레이할 가능성이 훨씬 커졌으며, 파티에 부계정이 한 명만 포함되었다 하더라도 마찬가지로 취급됩니다. 플레이에 미칠 부정적인 영향을 제한하고자, 부 계정에는 소유한 여타 계정의 나쁜 행동 점수가 적용됩니다. 아울러 새로운 계정이 원래 실력에 맞는 MMR에 더 빠르게 도달하도록 개선하였습니다만, 아직 이 부분은 더 해야 할 작업이 남아 있습니다. 현재 작업 중인 문제를 해결할 만한 방법이 몇 가지 있지만, 아직은 연구/실험 단계에 불과합니다.또한, 최근 몇 달간 감지 시스템을 개선하고 밀어주기 계정을 금지하는 기능을 더 확실하게 보강한 덕분에 이에 해당하는 계정을 더 많이 금지해 왔습니다. 지난 30일간, 14,000개 이상의 계정을 금지했으며, 앞으로도 밀어주기와 관련된 계정을 계속 금지할 수 있도록 체계를 마련했습니다. 그러나 이는 정체되지 않도록 계속 작업하고 개선해 나가야 하는 영역이며, 일부는 고급 감지 방법의 도움을 받아야 하는데 해당 기능 역시 초기 연구/실험 단계에 있습니다.악의적 행위와 게임을 망치는 행위 문제는, CS:GO와 일부 유사한 ‘감시’ 방식의 새로운 시스템을 도입하고자 작업하고 있습니다. 이 사항은 아직 더 자세한 정보를 공유할 단계가 아니지만, 조만간 말씀드릴 수 있을 겁니다. 해당 사항을 최대한 빨리 게임에 도입할 수 있으면 하는 바람입니다.마지막으로, 엔진을 약간 발전시킴으로써 멀티코어 CPU에서 적당한 성능 개선을 이루었으며 이를 도타에 적용할 예정입니다. 아직 버그가 발생하기에 테스트를 좀 더 거쳐야 하지만, 다음 주쯤을 목표로 하고 있습니다. 예상하실 수 있다시피, 코드를 변경해야 하는 사안이므로 출시는 약간 섬찟한 일이 될 수 있습니다.오늘 The International 10 전투 패스 시즌이 종료되었습니다. 함께해 주신 여러분께 감사드리며 올해는 아이기스를 들어 올리는 팀이 없이 끝나지만, Valve의 저희 모두는 여러분과 가족 모두의 안녕을 빌며 TI10에서 여러분 모두 만나 뵙기를 고대합니다.이번 시즌을 마감하며, 기쁜 마음으로 2020 신비의 투표 결과를 발표하고자 합니다. 올해는 도타 2에서 가장 보랏빛을 많이 띠는 두 영웅, 얼굴없는 전사와 악령이 커뮤니티로부터 수백만 표를 얻었습니다. 이 둘은 각각 27,475,258표와 24,948,538표를 얻었고 최종 신비의 승자는 악령이 되었습니다. 저희 팀은 악령 머큐리얼의 어두운 기운을 모아 이전에는 상상하지 못한 형태로 바꾸면서 그에 걸맞은 신비 아이템 디자인에 착수하겠습니다. 악령은 자신의 사냥감을 어떤 식으로 따라다닐까요? 굴절된 악령은 어떤 방법으로 적을 서서히 무너뜨릴까요? 악령의 단검으로 적을 겨냥했을 때, 어떤 죽음의 빛으로 악령이 빛날까요? 네, 당연히 보라색이겠지만, 어떤 색조의 보라색일까요? 연보라를 사랑하는 분들이나 진자주 애호가들이나 보랏빛 투표자분들 모두 긴장하고 지켜보시기 바랍니다. 시간이 지나면 이 모든(어쩌면 일부) 질문에 답이 나올 테니까요.아울러, 다음 주에는 도타 플러스에 몇 가지 새로운 업데이트를 적용할 예정입니다. 그중에는 길드 관련 업데이트, 새로운 도타 플러스 시즌, 새로운 MMR 초기화 작동 원리 등이 포함될 예정입니다. 지금 모습을 드러낸 불멸 보물 III에서는 퍼그나, 태엽장이, 예지자, 나무정령 수호자, 자이로콥터, 리치를 위해 새롭게 선보이는 아이템을 선보입니다.이 아이템에 더해, 보물을 열 때마다 증가하는 확률로 희귀한 전투 패스 50레벨, 매우 희귀한 황금판 퍼그나 아이템, 엄청나게 희귀한 불사조 날개를 획득할 수 있습니다. 늘 그렇듯이, 어마어마하게 희귀한 확률로 신성한 휘장을 발견할 수 있습니다.전투 패스는 기간이 3주 더 연장되어 10월 9일까지 이용할 수 있으며, 해당일에 신비의 투표 결과도 발표될 예정입니다. (힌트: 보라색 근접 캐리 영웅으로 떨어져 있는 거리를 쉽게 가로질러 갈 수 있음) 이번 마지막 연장 기간에 전투 패스 소유자는 1인당 60레벨 번들을 2개까지 30% 할인된 가격으로 구매할 수 있습니다.전투 패스 페이지에서 보물에 담긴 신규 아이템과 맞춤 효과를 미리 살펴보시기 바랍니다.리랄레이조차도 수호의 바람과 자신의 관계가 어느 정도 밀접한지 알지 못했습니다. 조상에 대한 지식이나 어린 시절 기억은 없지만, 햇빛이 어른거리는 주위 나무들의 속삭임이나 햇빛이 비치지 못하게 하는 폭풍우의 울부짖음 속의 진실에 귀를 기울일 줄은 알았습니다. 그러나 리랄레이가 커가면서, 수호의 바람과 기묘하게 얽힌 유대가 훨씬 더 끈끈해지며 출생에 대한 불안감에 사로잡히기 시작했습니다. 새롭게 선보이는 ‘솟구치는 돌풍의 나침반’ 신비 번들로 바람의 힘을 불러내 보세요. 지금 The International 10 전투 패스에서 이용할 수 있습니다.본 신비 번들에는 새로운 모델과 기본 아이템, 새로운 애니메이션, 맞춤 정신 집중 표시줄과 집중 사격 피해 계측기, 두 가지 스타일에 적용되는 신규 바람 주변 효과, 능력의 기본 및 불멸 효과 추가, 바람순찰자와 쓰러뜨린 적 영웅 모두에게 적용되는 신규 사망 효과, 신비 아이템에 독점 제공되는 500개 이상의 신규 음성 대사가 들어 있습니다. 집중 사격으로 처치하는 대상에게 피해를 누적하면 돌풍의 투영 교체 스타일이 해제됩니다.자세한 사항은 솟구치는 돌풍의 나침반 업데이트 페이지에서 확인하시기 바랍니다.DPC 상황과 관련하여 최근 불만스럽다는 의견을 많이 받아왔는데, 무언가 조치를 더 취해야 한다는 생각에 동의하는 바입니다. 저희는 이번 블로그에서 이전에 어떤 일이 일어났으며, 저희는 어떻게 생각했고, 앞으로 어떻게 할 것인지 알려드리고자 합니다.  COVID-19의 대유행이 더 이어지리라는 사실이 확실시되고 난 후, 저희는 The International의 연기 계획을 블로그로 알려드리고 다양한 일정으로 전 세계의 여러 나라에 경기장을 사전 예약하기 시작했습니다. 그다음 가능한 한 빨리 The International을 개최할 수 있으리라는 희망을 품고, 대유행병이 진행될 수 있는 여러 가지 다른 상황에 기반하여 대회를 어떻게 시행할지 알아보기 시작했습니다. 봄 DPC 이벤트는 더 진행할 수가 없기에, 여러 조직위와 연락하여 앞으로 어떻게 하고 싶은지를 파악하기 시작했습니다. 일부 조직위는 제3자가 개최하는 대회를 운영하며 3월부터 여름 끝까지의 기간을 보내고 싶다고 했습니다.  한여름에 접어들며, 대유행병이 점점 더 변덕스럽게 기승을 부렸고 저희는 앞으로의 DPC 대회와 The International이 받을 영향이 상당히 우려스러웠습니다. 전 세계적 상황을 보아 지역을 넘나드는 대회는 한동안 진행할 수 없을 듯했고, 갑작스러운 여행 규제 및 그에 따른 문제로 다른 대회들에서 예선 이후 특정 국가 출신의 팀들이 배제되는 상황이 전 세계적으로 나타났습니다. DPC를 유관중 대회로 치르는 계획은 이미 고려하지 않는 일이었지만, 적어도 모든 팀이 함께 다른 지역에서 열리는 대회에 참가할 수 있다는 확신은 하고 싶었습니다. 그건 저희가 The International을 위한 DPC 점수를 할당하는 방식에서 아주 중요하게 생각하는 요소였습니다. 또한, The International 자체도 언제 열릴지 불투명한데 준비 과정도 상당한 시간이 필요하다는 점을 고려하면 바이러스가 점점 더 퍼져갈수록 확실하게 시간 계획을 구체화하기는 점점 더 어려워졌습니다. DPC 시즌의 진행 가능성이나 그 과정이 The International을 향해 가는 여정과 너무 동떨어져 있다는 생각도 저희에겐 부정적인 요소로 여겨졌습니다. 이를 실행하려면 DPC 점수 소멸 시스템이 필요한데 시스템상에서나 시스템 자체는 나쁘지 않았지만, 상황이 추가로 안 좋게 변하면 시즌 중반에 갑작스럽게 소멸 시스템을 적용해야 했습니다. 게다가, 몇몇 조직위는 중계 품질이 나빠질까 걱정되기도 하고 가을에 DPC 대회를 한꺼번에 진행하기가 꺼려진다는 의견을 표출하기도 했습니다. 지역을 넘나들며 참가하는 대회나 The International의 상대적 가능성이 절대적인 필수 사항은 아니지만, The International의 기능으로나 팬들을 위해 일관되게 펼치는 축제로서의 DPC를 생각해 봤을 때 지금은 연기하는 것이 더 낫다고 생각합니다. 이를 고려하여 저희는 앞으로 몇 달은 다른 리그나 대회가 열릴 수 있도록 비워두고자 합니다. 기존의 접근 방식은 제3자에 의한 대회가 The International과 상관없이 진행되도록 하는 것이었습니다. (비록 그 정도는 연맹전이 좀 더 조직화되어 TI로 이어졌으면 좋겠다는 팬이나 선수들의 요구가 늘어나면서 몇 년간 유동적이었긴 했지만요.) 저희는 이런 식으로 접근하면서도 제3자 대회가 계속 영향력이 있게 함으로써 DPC와 TI를 좀 더 나아지고 일관된 관계로 유지하는 가운데 전반적으로 팬들을 위한 최종 결과물은 가을에 지켜볼 흥미로운 콘텐츠이기를 바랍니다.  곧 바로는 DPC를 계획대로 진행하지 않겠다고 발표한 이후, 팬 여러분들로부터 부정적인 의견이 많이 있었습니다. 제기된 의견의 상당수가 저희에게는 상당히 타당한 비판으로 여겨졌습니다. 특히 저희의 의도가 뭔지, 앞으로 어떤 상황을 기대할 수 있는지 밝히지 않았기에 더욱 그랬습니다.다가오는 이번 경쟁 시즌에서는 제3자 대회 및 리그가 유럽/독립국가연합 지역에서 4개 이상, 중국 지역에서 3개 진행될 예정이며 아직 초기 계획 단계여서 지금 말씀드릴 수 없는 대회도 몇 개 더 있습니다. 그래도 현재의 변화가 별 의미가 없을 팀, 중계진, 조직위, 팬들이 전 세계에 많이 있을 것인데, 이는 그러한 사항들을 충분히 밀어붙이면서 지원하지 않은 저희 잘못입니다.이를 마음속에 새겨두고, 남은 한 해 동안 전 세계적으로 좀 더 많은 대회가 열릴 수 있도록 도움과 재정적 지원을 제공하고자 추가로 더 많은 대회 조직위와 접촉하기 시작했습니다. 이러한 대회들은 남은 시즌 동안 팬 여러분들과 팀에 알릴 상황이 되는 대로 차차 말씀드리겠습니다.또 다른 종류로 팬뿐만 아니라 선수들로부터 받은 의견은 DPC와 TI를 언제쯤 재개할지 저희가 생각하는 바를 좀 더 명확하게 밝혀달라는 것이었습니다. 지금 예상하기로는 2021년 1월이나 2월에 DPC가 시작될 전망입니다. 그때까지는 첫 번째 DPC 리그가 마무리되고, 여행 규제가 좀 더 예측 가능한 선에서 적용되며 즉흥적으로 추가 규제가 발생하지 않아 지역을 넘나들며 경기를 진행하는 주 대회를 열 수 있었으면 하는 바람이 있습니다. 또한, The International을 2021년 8월에 스톡홀름에서 진행할 가능성이 가장 크다는 가정하에 준비하고 있습니다. 다른 나라들도 예비 장소로 준비하고 있지만, 시간을 충분히 앞당기지도 못하면서 다른 곳으로 대회 장소를 옮기면 팬 여러분들이 안 좋아하시리라는 점을 잘 압니다.  DotaTV 인터넷 방송 권한과 관련하여 전달해주신 여러 가지 의견과 우려 사항도 잘 받았습니다. 이는 지난날 공개적으로 논의하던 주제였는데, 자료를 더 많이 수집한 덕에 저희 생각에도 약간의 진전이 있었습니다. 궁극적으로는 여전히 방송을 하는 커뮤니티 구성원들이 대회에 관해 직접 해설을 하는 것이 팬이나 경쟁 도타계에 순수하게 긍정적인 가치를 더하는 일이라고 믿습니다. 또한, 장기적으로 봤을 때 대회 자체도 커뮤니티에서 방송하는 분들의 팬에게 노출되면서 혜택을 받는다고 생각합니다. 그러나, 이는 단기적으로 봤을 때는 수익이 감소할 뿐만 아니라 대회 조직위가 더욱 효과적으로 수익을 올릴 능력이 줄어드는 결과를 낳는 것도 사실입니다. 9월 15일부터 도타 라이선스가 업데이트되어 다음 사항이 반영될 예정입니다. 도타 2 대회를 주최하는 조직위는 인터넷 방송을 하는 커뮤니티원에게, 방송에 조직위의 후원을 표시하거나 게임과 약간 시차를 둔다든가 하는 등의 타당하고 적용하기 간단하며 수익 창출과 관련되지 않은 요구 사항을 알려야 합니다. 인터넷 방송을 하는 커뮤니티원들은 위와 같은 요구 사항에 동의한다면 DotaTV 피드를 방송에 사용할 수 있습니다. 이로써 인터넷 방송을 하는 커뮤니티원들이 좀 더 명확한 확신을 얻어 중계할 때 혼란을 느끼지 않아도 되는 동시에 대회 조직위가 보유한 주요 이익 사항 몇 가지를 보호할 수 있으리라 믿습니다. 마지막 순간에 일어날 만한 문제들을 미리 피할 수 있도록, 대회를 인터넷으로 방송하려는 중계진들은 사전에 조직위와 조율하여 제시된 요건을 충족할 수 있음을 분명히 밝혀두기를 권장합니다. 대회 조직위 및 관련 당사자 중 문의 사항이 있다면 [email protected]으로 편하게 연락해 주시기 바랍니다.장난감 상자 깊숙한 곳에서부터, 무시무시한 장난감이 전투에 가담합니다. 전투 패스 255레벨을 달성한 모든 분이라면 누구나 이용할 수 있는 신규 ‘인형 도살자’ 퍼지 인격체로 완전히 새로운 모델, 애니메이션, 음성 대사 녹음을 선보입니다.장난감 상자에 담긴 봉제 시민 중에 가장 무서운 ‘인형 도살자’는 언제나 처치할 대상을 찾아 상자의 모퉁이와 어두운 구석을 몰래 헤집고 다닙니다. 어느 장난감이나 이 도살자의 갈고리가 몸에 박히기만 하면, 몸 안에 있는 것들과 목숨이 그대로 뽑혀 나간 다음 거의 틀림없이 전선 여기저기에 흩뿌려지고, 보들보들한 괴물은 그 너덜너덜해진 채 쓸쓸하게 버려진 유해를 뒤로 한 채 즐겁게 다음 나들이에 나선다는 사실을 압니다.전투 패스에서 새로운 인격체를 받으면서 그 중간에 있는 The International의 목소리 아나운서 팩도 잊지 말고 차지하세요. 전투 패스 75레벨 이상을 달성한 모든 분께 제공되어, 여러분의 다음 승리를 세상에 멋지게 알려줄 겁니다.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request. Our on-going goal with Steam is to improve the service we offer customers. We believe that by sharing this
													data, we'll be able to spot problems earlier, improve the Steam service more efficiently, and ultimately build
													better products and experiences. Let us know what you think. Don't have a Steam account?  You can create an account for free.Different games may use the Steam Workshop in different ways, but everything here is created by members of the Steam community, just like you.Don't have a Steam account?  You can create an account for free.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.Aus den Tiefen der Spielkiste krabbelt eine fürchterliche Puppe in die Schlacht. Verfügbar für alle Schlachtenpassbesitzer mit Level 255 oder höher. Die neue Heldenpersona „Der Plüschmetzger“ für Pudge kommt mit einem neuen Modell, neuen Animationen sowie neuer Vertonung.Alle Bewohner der Spielkiste fürchten den Plüschmetzger. Er schleicht sich durch Schatten und Ecken und trachtet dabei immer nach der nächsten Plüschmeuchelei. Jedes Spielzeug weiß: Sobald dich der Metzgerhaken erwischt, sind deine Füllung und dein Leben dahin. Einsam und zerstreut liegen deine zerlumpten Überreste auf den Pfaden, während das plüschige Monster fröhlich davonschlendert.Lösen Sie die neue Persona jetzt in Ihrem Schlachtenpass ein und nehmen Sie dabei auch gleich das neue Ansagerpaket „Stimme von The International“ mit, das allen Schlachtenpassbesitzern ab Level 75 ihren nächsten Sieg noch epischer macht.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.Everyone is invited! The Steam discussions are for everyone, new and advanced user alike!Searching is key! Before you post a question, use the forum search feature to determine whether your topic has already been covered.Do not start flame wars! If someone has engaged in behavior that is a detriment to the message board -- spamming, flaming people, etc -- contact one of the forum moderators or report the post. Flaming the offensive user will only increase the problem. Harassment is not tolerated.Don't have a Steam account?  You can create an account for free.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.Noch nicht einmal Lyralei selbst versteht die Tiefe ihrer Verbindung mit dem Wächterwind. Ohne das Wissen ihrer Ahnen oder Erinnerungen an ihre frühen Tage konnte sie nur im Flüstern der sonnenbefleckten Bäume nach Wahrheit suchen – oder in den heulenden Stürmen, die sogar das Licht des Tages in Schach zu halten vermögen. Doch je älter sie wurde, desto stärker wurde auch ihre Verbindung mit dem Wächterwind und die Frage nach ihrer Herkunft nagte mehr und mehr. Entfesseln Sie die Kraft des Windes mit dem neuen Arkanapaket „Kompass des aufziehenden Sturmes“, exklusiv verfügbar im Schlachtenpass zu The International.Das Arkanapaket enthält ein neues Modell inklusive neuer Basisgegenstände, neue Animationen, eine angepasste Kanalisierungsleiste, ein Zähler für Focus-Fire-Schaden, Windeffekte für beide Stile, neue Effekte für ihre Fähigkeiten sowie die Immortal-Varianten, neue Todeseffekte für Windranger und von ihr getötete gegnerische Helden sowie über 500 neue exklusive Heldensprüche. Sammeln Sie Schaden auf mit Focus Fire getöteten Zielen, um den alternativen Stil „Reflexionen des Sturms“ freizuschalten.Weiter Einzelheiten auf der Update-Seite zu Kompass des aufziehenden Sturmes.Misery piled on misery! As the cold closed in, how we looked forward to Frostivus. Instead we get The Greeviling! The shops have been plundered, our gifts ripped open, our precious items scattered through the woods by a dire tide of Greevils! What caused this swarming chaos? Who hatched all those Greevil eggs? Who can we blame for burying us in this horde of mischievous imps? What's that you say?It's our own damn fault?         They're everywhere! All through the woods, giftsnatching Greevils are enjoying our gifts in their foul dens. They will only surrender them by force! Should you face these wild Greevils, be sure you bring your own well-behaved Greevils along. And when the going gets tough, blow your whistle and call your Greevil! He will put you somewhere safe (we're not exactly sure where) and take matters into his own grubby claws!For lo, The Greeviling is a time of endless carnage, when the Greevils run riot and the snows are stained red.  Even so, it's not without its pleasures. Every wild Greevil whose trove you plunder will spit up a gift for friend and foe alike! (You will want to wipe it off, as it has been in a Greevil's gullet.) You might not get what you asked for, but isn't giving more rewarding than receiving? Would someone please explain this to the Greevils?!         If for some reason you haven't had your fill of the pestiferous creatures, unhatched Greevil eggs are available and ready to be imbued with the magical essences that make these creatures such a pain in the--I mean, such a wonder to behold!         While Frostivus must wait til next year, this is the perfect time to celebrate The Greeviling with gifts galore. The Dota 2 store is stocked with new marvels beyond the reach of greedy Greevils--such as the winning entries of the Polycount Contest.Don't have a Steam account?  You can create an account for free.or
										Hero:
										Other
                                                                                                                                                        Rarity:
                                        Immortal
                                        
																				                                        	Release Date:
											October 29, 2017
																			The Spring Cleaning 2018 update has arrived to sweep in a slew of bug fixes and quality-of-life improvements. We've highlighted a handful of larger changes like the new Profile and the new Hero Changelog Notifications, and you can find a comprehensive list of fixes and various gameplay adjustments in the notes below.We’ve redesigned the player profile to include many common feature requests, as well as some new features.  Check out your latest match performance, show off the uniquely combined cosmetics you’ve chosen for your favorite heroes and personalize your profile by choosing any background from the catalog of loading screens you own.Dota constantly evolves, and keeping track of changes can be daunting. Now you can see which heroes have updates by looking at the top-bar portrait of a selected hero on the drafting screen. Hover over the icon to see any changes made since the last time you looked. In addition, there is now a section in the Learn tab with the full changelog. During a game you can hover over an ability or item tooltip to see if and how they've changed.Make the most of every creep and push your GPM to the next level with the Last Hit Trainer, a new tool in the Learn tab. You can take the time to practice this vital mechanic anytime you want—even while queuing for a game.Keep your battle plans up-to-date with more prominent buyback notifications on the top bar portraits and in the kill feed. You can even hold ALT to see recent buybacks in the top bar after the initial notification has faded. Notifications in the kill feed will be sticky in that area for 45 seconds.As the Dota Pro Circuit progresses towards The International, it should be easy to tune in for a stream without a scavenger hunt. Now when a Major or Minor is live, you'll see a dedicated front-page cell in the client. Clicking that button will launch your web browser to watch the stream.The time before the battle horn blows is precious for early-game reconnaissance. Get to the business at hand before the game even begins by pooling tangos and wards to other players during the strategy phase.Need to see if your teammates are ready for rapid rotations? Just hold ALT to see a Teleport cooldown notification for Town Portal Scrolls and Boots of Travel under each hero portrait on the top bar.As part of this update, we are now automatically issuing 6 month matchmaking bans for players that show an extreme frequency of negative behavior (feeding, abandoning, player abuse, etc).Communication plays a vital role in destroying an Ancient. To help improve the lines of communication between teammates, your selected language is now a much greater factor when determining matchmaking.Good teammates help ensure the courier always gets where it needs to go, and with new hero-delivery icons that appear on the courier interface when it's carrying someone else's items, it's easier than ever to be a good teammate.The Arcade tab has been revamped to help you find open Custom Game lobbies with greater ease. Peruse open lobbies from around the world, or use the list of the most recent lobbies in nearby regions to join a server with a good ping.Custom Game developers can now opt their games into a penalty-enforcement mode. Players who abandon or fail to ready up for these custom games will receive matchmaking cooldowns in the Arcade.To help improve the overall user experience when playing in the Arcade, dedicated server support is now enabled by default for all custom games.The jungle is home to all manner of creeps, and for some heroes, knowing where each type lives is essential. To help keep track of these natural resources, the minimap has been updated to show the difficulty level of each creep camp.Want to see if your party is prepared to queue before you push Play and risk a failure to ready up? Just click the Ready Check button in your chat window to give everyone the chance to report for duty.When you're looking for players to fill out your party, it can be tough to know which friends on your list are prepared for battle. You can use this new filter to show you the list of friends that have been playing recently to ensure that everyone you see is ready to join the fight.In addition to the visible hero outline on incoming teleportation effects, heroes will have a color-coded ring around them that corresponds to the player's top-bar color when they use Teleport.As you chip away at your enemy's towers—or watch from afar as they do the same to yours—the visual condition of the structures will begin to deteriorate, before crumbling down altogether.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.Don't have a Steam account?  You can create an account for free.Die Truhe des Sammlers ist zurück mit einem Nachschlag an Gegenständen aus dem Dota-2-Workshop und vollständigen Sets für diverse Ihrer Lieblingshelden – einschließlich einem seltenen Set für Templar Assassin, einem sehr seltenen Set für Faceless Void sowie einem ultraseltenen Set für Legion Commander.Jetzt für nur 2,49 $ erhältlich. Nach 14 geöffneten Schätzen erhalten Sie 34 Schlachtenlevel und mit jedem Schatz erhöht sich außerdem die Chance auf einen seltenen Bonusgegenstand. Nicht gewollte Sets können zu 2 Schlachtenleveln recycelt werden.Volume II der Truhe des Sammlers kann nur in den nächsten dreißig Tagen gekauft werden und ist die einzige Möglichkeit, diese exklusiven Gegenstandsets zu erhalten. Mit Ausnahme des ultraseltenen Sets für Legion Commander, welches irgendwann nach The International 11 marktfähig werden wird. Wie immer fließen 25 % aller Erlöse direkt in das Preisgeld von The International ein.Wir danken allen Communitykünstlern, die dieses Jahr ihre Kreationen im Dota-2-Workshop eingereicht haben, sowie der gesamten Schlachtenpass-Community für ihre Unterstützung.You can request a refund for nearly any purchase on Steam—for any reason. Maybe your PC doesn't meet the hardware requirements; maybe you bought a game by mistake; maybe you played the title for an hour and just didn't like it.It doesn't matter. Valve will, upon request via help.steampowered.com, issue a refund for any reason, if the request is made within the required return period, and, in the case of games, if the title has been played for less than two hours. There are more details below, but even if you fall outside of the refund rules we’ve described, you can ask for a refund anyway and we’ll take a look.You will be issued a full refund of your purchase within a week of approval. You will receive the refund in Steam Wallet funds or through the same payment method you used to make the purchase. If, for any reason, Steam is unable to issue a refund via your initial payment method, your Steam Wallet will be credited the full amount. (Some payment methods available through Steam in your country may not support refunding a purchase back to the original payment method. Click here for a full list.)The Steam refund offer, within two weeks of purchase and with less than two hours of playtime, applies to games and software applications on the Steam store. Here is an overview of how refunds work with other types of purchases.DLC purchased from the Steam store is refundable within fourteen days of purchase, and if the underlying title has been played for less than two hours since the DLC was purchased, so long as the DLC has not been consumed, modified or transferred. Please note that in some cases, Steam will be unable to give refunds for some third party DLC (for example, if the DLC irreversibly levels up a game character). These exceptions will be clearly marked as nonrefundable on the Store page prior to purchase.Steam will offer refund for in-game purchases within any Valve-developed games within forty-eight hours of purchase, so long as the in-game item has not been consumed, modified or transferred. Third-party developers will have the option to enable refunds for in-game items on these terms. Steam will tell you at the time of purchase if the game developer has opted to offer refunds on the in-game item you are buying. Otherwise, in-game purchases in non-Valve games are not refundable through Steam.When you pre-purchase a title on Steam (and have paid for the title in advance), you can request a refund at any time prior to release of that title. The standard 14-day/two-hour refund period also applies, starting on the game’s release date.You may request a refund for Steam Wallet funds within fourteen days of purchase if they were purchased on Steam and if you have not used any of those funds.Within the applicable time frame identified in the Hardware Refund Policy, you may request a refund for Steam hardware and accessories purchased via Steam for any reason. You must ship the hardware back to us within fourteen (14) days after requesting the refund, following the instructions we provide you. Please see the Hardware Refund Policy for detailed guidelines on the return and cancellation process for Steam hardware and accessories.You can receive a full refund for any bundle purchased on the Steam Store, so long as none of the items in the bundle have been transferred, and if the combined usage time for all items in the bundle is less than two hours. If a bundle includes an in-game item or DLC that is not refundable, Steam will tell you if the whole bundle is refundable during check-out.Valve cannot provide refunds for purchases made outside of Steam (for example, CD keys or Steam wallet cards purchased from third parties).If you have been banned by VAC (the Valve Anti-Cheat system) on a game, you lose the right to refund that game.We are unable to offer refunds for video content on Steam (e.g. movies, shorts, series, episodes, and tutorials), unless the video is in a bundle with other (non-video) refundable content.Unredeemed gifts may be refunded within the standard 14-day/two-hour refund period. Redeemed gifts may be refunded under the same conditions if the gift recipient initiates the refund. Funds used to purchase the gift will be returned to the original purchaser.For an explanation of how the EU right of withdrawal works for Steam customers, click here.Refunds are designed to remove the risk from purchasing titles on Steam—not as a way to get free games. If it appears to us that you are abusing refunds, we may stop offering them to you. We do not consider it abuse to request a refund on a title that was purchased just before a sale and then immediately rebuying that title for the sale price.You can request a refund or get other assistance with your Steam purchases at help.steampowered.com.Last updated 30 April, 2019Depuis les profondeurs du coffre à jouets, une peluche effroyable rejoint le champ de bataille. Maintenant disponible pour toutes les personnes qui ont atteint le niveau 255 du passe de bataille, le nouveau persona de héros « Boucher en peluche » pour Pudge comprend un tout nouveau modèle, de nouvelles animations et de nouvelles répliques.Particulièrement redouté par les autres peluches qui habitent le coffre à jouets, le boucher en peluche rôde dans les recoins sombres du panier, toujours en quête d’une nouvelle proie. Tous les jouets savent qu’une fois que le crochet du boucher vous a transpercé, votre vie et vos entrailles duveteuses vous échappent et s’éparpillent sur le champ de bataille, tandis que le jouet infernal s’éloigne joyeusement de votre dépouille abandonnée et en lambeaux.Récupérez ce nouveau persona dès maintenant depuis votre passe de bataille. Et dans le même temps, n’oubliez pas d’obtenir le pack de l’annonceur « La voix de The International », disponible pour toutes les personnes qui ont atteint le niveau 75, afin qu’il vous guide vers votre prochaine victoire.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.Oracle has come to let you seize the fates of both friend and foe. Weave your power into a harmful bolt that stops your enemies and removes helpful auras. Or render an ally resistant to harmful magics. Combine either approach with your double-edged purifying flames, and you'll have all you need to aid or destroy. Still in danger? Delay an ally's doom with a false promise, and give them the time needed to see their destiny to its fullest. As Oracle, the future is always in your hands.
				FORTUNE'S END
				–
				Channel power into a bolt of scouring energy that stops and removes buffs from enemies.			
				FATE'S EDICT
				–
				Briefly render a target immune to magic damage, while boosting all damage from other sources and removing their ability to attack.			
				PURIFYING FLAMES
				–
				Instantly burn a friend or foe, then heal them slowly over time.			
				FALSE PROMISE
				–
				Grant an ally invisibility while moving and attacking. Any damage or healing they receive will be delayed until the spell ends.			With a raspy cackle, the elder smith Craler swung the sword that his family had spent eleven generations to fold and forge. So sharp it was that, with a sound like tearing fabric, a rip in reality tore open. Through this rip, Craler recognized himself from moments before, holding aloft the very same coveted blade. Then, in a fit of greed and madness, he cut this earlier self down to seize the twin sword as his own. Too late, however, Craler felt a familiar wound, and was suddenly filled with the memory of being cut down himself...On sale for 20% off until December 7th 2014. Purchase this item to initiate the Nemesis Assassin Event in your unranked matches. If purchased by December 7th 2014, you will receive an 'EXALTED' quality on this item. Witness the end of your enemies with new sets created by Dota Cinema for Centaur Warrunner, Clockwerk, Timbersaw, Venomancer, and Necrophos, available separately on the Dota store or as part of the Treasure of the Defender's Vision. Purchase the Treasure and, should fate prove kind, you may also discover a rare Antipode Courier tucked within!Oracle peers into the future. Do you share his skill at foresight? Use a Charm of the Defender's Vision at the beginning of an All Pick match to predict that your team will emerge victorious.Three correct victory predictions will transform your charm into a Treasure of the Defender's Vision. Make two incorrect predictions and you'll receive a Charming Celebration action item instead, primed with three uses.The Charm of the Defender's Vision is only available for purchase during the Nemesis Assassin Event. Predict wisely!Emboldened by the destruction of enemy structures, the Ancients have long had the ability to transform their creeps into larger, more imposing warriors to push even further into enemy strongholds. But a new transformation is afoot. Now the Dire creeps become more dire, the Radiant more radiant, each kind taking on architectural characteristics of their Ancient's fortifications. When the end is nigh, your creep waves will bring death to your enemy's doorstep.Those who purchased this year's Compendium for The International have a new way to display their heroism! Heroic Effigies are a new customization feature allowing players to sculpt their favorite hero, along with any items they have equipped, into a statue for their team's base.To craft an Effigy, first grab your Effigy Block of Triumph, and then use it to open the Sculptor menu and begin posing your hero. After you've set your statue's equipment, pose, and written your inscription, you're ready to create your Effigy.Once equipped from your loadout, your Heroic Effigy will appear in your team's base for all to see.The Dormant 2014 Compendium Gems have finally awoken! Peek inside your armory and you'll discover a shiny new 2014 Compendium emoticon and a gem. Use the emoticon in chat, or slot the gem into an item to show off your International Compendium level.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.Table of contents:
		This Steam Subscriber Agreement ("Agreement") is a legal document that explains your rights and obligations as a subscriber of Steam from Valve Corporation, a corporation under the laws of the State of Washington, with its registered office at 10400 NE 4th St., Bellevue, WA 98004, United States, registered with the Washington Secretary of State under number 60 22 90 773, VAT ID No. EU 8260 00671 ("Valve"). Please read it carefully.SECTION 11 CONTAINS A BINDING ARBITRATION AGREEMENT AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER. IT AFFECTS HOW DISPUTES ARE RESOLVED. PLEASE READ IT. IF YOU LIVE IN THE PROVINCE OF QUEBEC (CANADA) OR THE EUROPEAN UNION, SECTION 11 DOES NOT APPLY TO YOU.1. REGISTRATION AS A SUBSCRIBER; APPLICATION OF TERMS TO YOU; YOUR ACCOUNT  ⏶Steam is an online service offered by Valve.You become a subscriber of Steam ("Subscriber") by completing the registration of a Steam user account.  This Agreement takes effect as soon as you indicate your acceptance of these terms.  You may not become a subscriber if you are under the age of 13.  Steam is not intended for children under 13 and Valve will not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13.A. Contracting PartyFor any interaction with Steam your contractual relationship is with Valve. Except as otherwise indicated at the time of the transaction (such as in the case of purchases from another Subscriber in a Subscription Marketplace), any transactions for Subscriptions (as defined below) you make on Steam are being made from Valve.B. Subscriptions; Content and ServicesAs a Subscriber you may obtain access to certain services, software and content available to Subscribers.  The Steam client software and any other software, content, and updates you download or access via Steam, including but not limited to Valve or third-party video games and in-game content, software associated with Hardware and any virtual items you trade, sell or purchase in a Steam Subscription Marketplace are referred to in this Agreement as "Content and Services;" the rights to access and/or use any Content and Services accessible through Steam are referred to in this Agreement as "Subscriptions."Each Subscription allows you to access particular Content and Services.  Some Subscriptions may impose additional terms specific to that Subscription ("Subscription Terms") (for example, an end user license agreement specific to a particular game, or terms of use specific to a particular product or feature of Steam).  Also, additional terms (for example, payment and billing procedures) may be posted on http://www.steampowered.com or within the Steam service ("Rules of Use"). Rules of Use include the Steam Online Conduct Rules http://steampowered.com/index.php?area=online_conduct and the Steam Refund Policy http://store.steampowered.com/steam_refunds.  The Subscription Terms, the Rules of Use, and the Valve Privacy Policy (which can be found at http://www.valvesoftware.com/privacy.htm) are binding on you once you indicate your acceptance of them or of this Agreement, or otherwise become bound by them as described in Section 8 (Amendments to this Agreement).C. Your AccountWhen you complete Steam’s registration process, you create a Steam account ("Account"). Your Account may also include billing information you provide to Valve for the purchase of Subscriptions, Content and Services and any physical goods offered for purchase through Steam (“Hardware”). You may not reveal, share or otherwise allow others to use your password or Account except as otherwise specifically authorized by Valve. You are responsible for the confidentiality of your login and password and for the security of your computer system. Valve is not responsible for the use of your password and Account or for all of the communication and activity on Steam that results from use of your login name and password by you, or  by any person to whom you may have intentionally or by negligence disclosed your login and/or password in violation of this confidentiality provision. Unless it results from Valve’s negligence or fault, Valve is not responsible for the use of your Account by a person who fraudulently used your login and password without your permission. If you believe that the confidentiality of your login and/or password may have been compromised, you must notify Valve via the support form (https://support.steampowered.com/newticket.php) without any delay.Your Account, including any information pertaining to it (e.g.: contact information, billing information, Account history and Subscriptions, etc.), is strictly personal. You may therefore not sell or charge others for the right to use your Account, or otherwise transfer your Account, nor may you sell, charge others for the right to use, or transfer any Subscriptions other than if and as expressly permitted by this Agreement (including any Subscription Terms or Rules of Use) or as otherwise specifically permitted by Valve.D. Payment ProcessingPayment processing related to Content and Services and/or Hardware purchased on Steam is performed by either Valve Corporation directly or by Valve’s fully owned subsidiary Valve GmbH on behalf of Valve Corporation depending on the type of payment method used.  If your card was issued outside the United States, your payment may be processed via a European acquirer by Valve GmbH on behalf of Valve Corporation. For any other type of purchases, payment will be collected by Valve Corporation directly. In any case, delivery of Content and Services as well as Hardware is performed by Valve Corporation.2. LICENSES  ⏶A. General Content and Services LicenseSteam and your Subscription(s) require the download and installation of Content and Services onto your computer.  Valve hereby grants, and you accept, a non-exclusive license and right, to use the Content and Services for your personal, non-commercial use (except where commercial use is expressly allowed herein or in the applicable Subscription Terms). This license ends upon termination of (a) this Agreement or (b) a Subscription that includes the license.  The Content and Services are licensed, not sold. Your license confers no title or ownership in the Content and Services.  To make use of the Content and Services, you must have a Steam Account and you may be required to be running the Steam client and maintaining a connection to the Internet.  For reasons that include, without limitation, system security, stability, and multiplayer interoperability, Steam may need to automatically update, pre-load, create new versions of or otherwise enhance the Content and Services and accordingly, the system requirements to use the Content and Services may change over time. You consent to such automatic updating.  You understand that this Agreement (including applicable Subscription Terms) does not entitle you to future updates, new versions or other enhancements of the Content and Services associated with a particular Subscription, although Valve may choose to provide such updates, etc. in its sole discretion.B. Beta Software LicenseValve may from time to time make software accessible to you via Steam prior to the general commercial release of such software ("Beta Software"). You are not required to use Beta Software, but if Valve offers it, you may elect to use it under the following terms. Beta Software will be deemed to consist of Content and Services, and each item of Beta Software provided will be deemed a Subscription for such Beta Software, with the following provisions specific to Beta Software:
			C. License to Use Valve Developer ToolsYour Subscription(s) may include access to various Valve tools that can be used to create content ("Developer Tools").  Some examples include:  the Valve software development kit (the "SDK") for a version of the computer game engine known as "Source" (the "Source Engine") and the associated Valve Hammer editor, The Source® Filmmaker Software, or in-game tools through which you can edit or create derivative works of a Valve game.  Particular Developer Tools (for example, The Source® Filmmaker Software) may be distributed with separate Subscription Terms that are different from the rules set forth in this Section.  Except as set forth in any separate Subscription Terms applicable to the use of a particular Developer Tool, you may use the Developer Tools, and you may use, reproduce, publish, perform, display and distribute any content you create using the Developer Tools, however you wish, but solely on a non-commercial basis.If you would like to use the Source Engine SDK or other Valve Developer Tools for commercial use, please contact Valve at sourceengine@valvesoftware.com.D. License to Use Valve Game Content in Fan Art.Valve appreciates the community of Subscribers that creates fan art, fan fiction, and audio-visual works that reference Valve games ("Fan Art").  You may incorporate content from Valve games into your Fan Art.  Except as otherwise set forth in this Section or in any Subscription Terms, you may use, reproduce, publish, perform, display and distribute Fan Art that incorporates content from Valve games however you wish, but solely on a non-commercial basis.If you incorporate any third-party content in any Fan Art, you must be sure to obtain all necessary rights from the owner of that content.Commercial use of some Valve game content is permitted via features such as Steam Workshop or a Steam Subscription Marketplace.  Terms applicable to that use are set forth in Sections 3.D. and 6.B. below and in any Subscription Terms provided for those features.To view the Valve video policy containing additional terms covering the use of audio-visual works incorporating Valve intellectual property or created with The Source® Filmmaker Software, please click here: http://www.valvesoftware.com/videopolicy.htmlE. License to Use Valve Dedicated Server Software Your Subscription(s) may contain access to the Valve Dedicated Server Software. If so, you may use the Valve Dedicated Server Software on an unlimited number of computers for the purpose of hosting online multiplayer games of Valve products. If you wish to operate the Valve Dedicated Server Software, you will be solely responsible for procuring any Internet access, bandwidth, or hardware for such activities and will bear all costs associated with your use.F. Ownership of Content and ServicesAll title, ownership rights and intellectual property rights in and to the Content and Services and any and all copies thereof, are owned by Valve and/or its or its affiliates’ licensors. All rights are reserved, except as expressly stated herein. The Content and Services are protected by copyright laws, international copyright treaties and conventions and other laws. The Content and Services contain certain licensed materials and Valve’s and its affiliates’ licensors may protect their rights in the event of any violation of this Agreement.G. Restrictions on Use of Content and ServicesYou may not use the Content and Services for any purpose other than the permitted access to Steam and your Subscriptions, and to make personal, non-commercial use of your Subscriptions, except as otherwise permitted by this Agreement or applicable Subscription Terms.  Except as otherwise permitted under this Agreement (including any Subscription Terms or Rules of Use), or under applicable law notwithstanding these restrictions, you may not, in whole or in part, copy, photocopy, reproduce, publish, distribute, translate, reverse engineer, derive source code from, modify, disassemble, decompile, create derivative works based on, or remove any proprietary notices or labels from the Content and Services or any software accessed via Steam without the prior consent, in writing, of Valve.You are entitled to use the Content and Services for your own personal use, but you are not entitled to: (i) sell, grant a security interest in or transfer reproductions of the Content and Services to other parties in any way, nor to rent, lease or license the Content and Services to others without the prior written consent of Valve, except to the extent expressly permitted elsewhere in this Agreement (including any Subscription Terms or Rules of Use); (ii) host or provide matchmaking services for the Content and Services or emulate or redirect the communication protocols used by Valve in any network feature of the Content and Services, through protocol emulation, tunneling, modifying or adding components to the Content and Services, use of a utility program or any other techniques now known or hereafter developed, for any purpose including, but not limited to network play over the Internet, network play utilizing commercial or non-commercial gaming networks or as part of content aggregation networks, websites or services, without the prior written consent of Valve; or (iii) exploit the Content and Services or any of its parts for any commercial purpose, except as expressly permitted elsewhere in this Agreement (including any Subscription Terms or Rules of Use). 3. BILLING, PAYMENT AND OTHER SUBSCRIPTIONS  ⏶All charges incurred on Steam, and all purchases made with the Steam Wallet, are payable in advance and final, except as described in Sections 3.I and 7 below.A. Payment AuthorizationWhen you provide payment information to Valve or to one of its payment processors, you represent to Valve that you are the authorized user of the card, PIN, key or account associated with that payment, and you authorize Valve to charge your credit card or to process your payment with the chosen third-party payment processor for any Subscription, Steam Wallet funds, Hardware or other fees incurred by you. Valve may require you to provide your address or other information in order to meet its obligations under applicable tax law.  For Subscriptions purchased based on an agreed usage period, where recurring payments are made in exchange for continued use ("Recurring Payment Subscriptions"), by continuing to use the Recurring Payment Subscription you agree and reaffirm that Valve is authorized to charge your credit card (or your Steam Wallet, if funded), or to process your payment with any other applicable third-party payment processor, for any applicable recurring payment amounts. If you have purchased any Recurring Payment Subscriptions, you agree to notify Valve promptly of any changes to your credit card account number, its expiration date and/or your billing address, or your PayPal or other payment account number, and you agree to notify Valve promptly if your credit card or PayPal or other payment account expires or is cancelled for any reason.If your use of Steam is subject to any type of use or sales tax, then Valve may also charge you for those taxes, in addition to the Subscription or other fees published in the Rules of Use. The European Union VAT ("VAT") tax amounts collected by Valve reflect VAT due on the value of any Content and Services, Hardware or Subscription.You agree that you will not use IP proxying or other methods to disguise the place of your residence, whether to circumvent geographical restrictions on game content, to purchase at pricing not applicable to your geography, or for any other purpose.  If you do this, Valve may terminate your access to your Account.B. Responsibility for Charges Associated With Your AccountAs the Account holder, you are responsible for all charges incurred, including applicable taxes, and all purchases made by you or anyone that uses your Account, including your family or friends. If you cancel your Account, Valve reserves the right to collect fees, surcharges or costs incurred before cancellation. Any delinquent or unpaid Accounts must be settled before Valve will allow you to register again.C. Steam WalletSteam may make available an account balance associated with your Account (the "Steam Wallet").  The Steam Wallet is neither a bank account nor any kind of payment instrument. It functions as a prepaid balance to purchase Content and Services. You may place funds in your Steam Wallet up to a maximum amount determined by Valve, by credit card, prepaid card, promotional code, or any other payment method accepted by Steam.  Within any twenty-four (24) hour period, the total amount stored in your Steam Wallet plus the total amount spent out of your Steam Wallet, in the aggregate, may not exceed US$2,000 or its equivalent in your applicable local currency -- attempted deposits into your Steam Wallet that exceed this threshold may not be credited to your Steam Wallet until your activity falls below this threshold. Valve may change or impose different Steam Wallet balance and usage limits from time to time.You will be notified by e-mail of any change to the Steam Wallet balance and usage limits within sixty (60) days before the entry into force of the change. Your continued use of your Steam Account more than thirty (30) days after the entry into force of the changes will constitute your acceptance of the changes. If you don’t agree to the changes, your only remedy is to terminate your Steam Account or to cease use of your Steam Wallet. Valve shall not have any obligation to refund any credits remaining on your Steam Wallet in this case.You may use Steam Wallet funds to purchase Subscriptions, including by making in-game purchases where Steam Wallet transactions are enabled, and Hardware. Subject to Section 3.I, funds added to the Steam Wallet are non-refundable and non-transferable. Steam Wallet funds do not constitute a personal property right, have no value outside Steam and can only be used to purchase Subscriptions and related content via Steam (including but not limited to games and other applications offered through the Steam Store, or in a Steam Subscription Marketplace) and Hardware. Steam Wallet funds have no cash value and are not exchangeable for cash. Steam Wallet funds that are deemed unclaimed property may be turned over to the applicable authority.D. Trading and Sales of Subscriptions Between SubscribersSteam may include  one or more features or sites that allow Subscribers to trade, sell or purchase certain types of Subscriptions (for example, license rights to virtual items) with, to or from other Subscribers ("Subscription Marketplaces"). An example of a Subscription Marketplace is the Steam Community Market. By using or participating in Subscription Marketplaces, you authorize Valve, on its own behalf or as an agent or licensee of any third-party creator or publisher of the applicable Subscriptions in your Account, to transfer those Subscriptions from your Account in order to give effect to any trade or sale you make.Valve may charge a fee for trades or sales in a Subscription Marketplace.  Any fees will be disclosed to you prior to the completion of the trade or sale.If you complete a trade, sale or purchase in a Subscription Marketplace, you acknowledge and agree that you are responsible for taxes, if any, which may be due with respect to your transactions, including sales or use taxes, and for compliance with applicable tax laws.  Proceeds from sales you make in a Subscription Marketplace may be considered income to you for income tax purposes.  You should consult with a tax specialist to determine your tax liability in connection with your activities in any Subscription Marketplace.You understand and acknowledge that Valve may decide to cease operation of any Subscription Marketplace, change the fees that it charges or change the terms or features of the Steam Subscription Marketplace. Valve shall have no liability to you because of any inability to trade Subscriptions in the Steam Trading Marketplace, including because of discontinuation or changes in the terms, features or eligibility requirements of any Subscription Marketplace.You also understand and acknowledge that Subscriptions traded, sold or purchased in any Subscription Marketplace are license rights, that you have no ownership interest in such Subscriptions, and that Valve does not recognize any transfers of Subscriptions (including transfers by operation of law) that are made outside of Steam.E. Retail PurchaseValve may offer or require a Subscription for purchasers of retail packaged product versions or OEM versions of Valve products. The "CD-Key" or "Product Key" accompanying such versions is used to activate your Subscription.F. Steam Authorized ResellersYou may purchase a Subscription through an authorized reseller of Valve. The "Product Key" accompanying such purchase will be used to activate your Subscription. If you purchase a Subscription from an authorized reseller of Valve, you agree to direct all questions regarding the Product Key to that reseller.G. Free SubscriptionsIn some cases, Valve may offer a free Subscription to certain services, software and content. As with all Subscriptions, you are always responsible for any Internet service provider, telephone, and other connection fees that you may incur when using Steam, even when Valve offers a free Subscription.H. Third-Party SitesSteam may provide links to other third-party sites. Some of these sites may charge separate fees, which are not included in and are in addition to any Subscription or other fees that you may pay to Valve. Steam may also provide access to third-party vendors, who provide content, goods and/or services on Steam or the Internet. Any separate charges or obligations you incur in your dealings with these third parties are your responsibility. Valve makes no representations or warranties, either express or implied, regarding any third party site. In particular, Valve makes no representation or warranty that any service or subscription offered via third-party vendors will not change or be suspended or terminated.I. Refunds and Right of WithdrawalWithout prejudice to any statutory rights you may have, you can request a refund for your purchases on Steam in accordance with the terms of Valve’s Refund Policy http://store.steampowered.com/steam_refunds/.For European Union consumers:EU law provides a statutory right to withdraw from certain contracts for physical merchandise and for the purchase of digital content. You can find more information about the extent of your statutory right to withdraw and the ways you can exercise it on this page: https://support.steampowered.com/kb_article.php?ref=8620-QYAL-4516.4. ONLINE CONDUCT, CHEATING AND PROCESS TAMPERING  ⏶Your online conduct and interaction with other Subscribers should be guided by common sense and basic etiquette. They must notably comply with the Steam Online Conduct Rules, to be found at http://steampowered.com/index.php?area=online_conduct. Depending on terms of use imposed by third parties who host particular games or other services, additional requirements may also be provided in the Subscription Terms applicable to a particular Subscription.Steam and the Content and Services may include functionality designed to identify software or hardware processes or functionality that may give a player an unfair competitive advantage when playing multiplayer versions of any Content and Services or modifications of Content and Services ("Cheats"). You agree that you will not create Cheats or assist third parties in any way to create or use Cheats. You agree that you will not directly or indirectly disable, circumvent, or otherwise interfere with the operation of software designed to prevent or report the use of Cheats.You agree that you will not tamper with the execution of Steam or Content and Services unless otherwise authorized by Valve. You acknowledge and agree that either Valve or any host of an online multiplayer game distributed through Steam ("External Host") may refuse to allow you to participate in certain online multiplayer games if you use Cheats or tamper with the execution of Steam or the Content and Services.Further, you acknowledge and agree that External Hosts may report your use of Cheats or unauthorized process tampering to Valve, and Valve may communicate your history of use thereof to External Hosts within the boundaries of the Steam Privacy Policy.Valve may terminate your Account or a particular Subscription for any conduct or activity that is illegal, constitutes a Cheat, or otherwise negatively affects the enjoyment of Steam by other Subscribers. You acknowledge that Valve is not required to provide you notice before terminating your Subscription(s) and/or Account.You may not use Cheats, automation software (bots), mods, hacks, or any other unauthorized third-party software, to modify or automate any Subscription Marketplace process or the process of Steam account creation.5. THIRD-PARTY CONTENT  ⏶In regard to all Subscriptions, Content and Services that are not authored by Valve, Valve does not screen such third-party content available on Steam or through other sources. Valve assumes no responsibility or liability for such third party content.  Some third-party application software is capable of being used by businesses for business purposes - however, you may only acquire such software via Steam for private personal use.6. USER GENERATED CONTENT  ⏶A. General Provisions Steam provides interfaces and tools for you to be able to generate content and make it available to other users and/or to Valve at your sole discretion. "User Generated Content" means any content you make available to other users through your use of multi-user features of Steam, or to Valve or its affiliates through your use of the Content and Services or otherwise.When you upload your content to Steam to make it available to other users and/or to Valve, you grant Valve and its affiliates the worldwide, non-exclusive right to use, reproduce, modify, create derivative works from, distribute, transmit, transcode, translate, broadcast, and otherwise communicate, and publicly display and publicly perform, your User Generated Content, and derivative works of your User Generated Content, for the purpose of the operation, distribution, incorporation as part of and promotion of the Steam service, Steam games or other Steam offerings, including Subscriptions. This license is granted to Valve as the content is uploaded on Steam for the entire duration of the intellectual property rights. It may be terminated if Valve is in breach of the license and has not cured such breach within fourteen (14) days from receiving notice from you sent to the attention of the Valve Legal Department at the applicable Valve address noted on this Privacy Policy page. The termination of said license does not affect the rights of any sub-licensees pursuant to any sub-license granted by Valve prior to termination of the license. Valve is the sole owner of the derivative works created by Valve from your User Generated Content, and is therefore entitled to grant licenses on these derivative works.  If you use Valve cloud storage, you grant us a license to store your information as part of that service.  Valve may place limits on the amount of storage you may use.If you provide Valve with any feedback or suggestions about Steam, the Content and Services, or any Valve products, Hardware or services, Valve is free to use the feedback or suggestions however it chooses, without any obligation to account to you.B. Content Uploaded to the Steam WorkshopSome games or applications available on Steam ("Workshop-Enabled Apps") allow you to create User Generated Content based on or using the Workshop-Enabled App, and to submit that User Generated Content (a “Workshop Contribution”) to one or more Steam Workshop web pages.  Workshop Contributions can be viewed by the Steam community,  and for some categories of Workshop Contributions users may be able to interact with, download or purchase the Workshop Contribution.  In some cases, Workshop Contributions may be considered for incorporation by Valve or a third-party developer into a game or into a Subscription Marketplace.You understand and agree that Valve is not obligated to use, distribute, or continue to distribute copies of any Workshop Contribution and reserves the right, but not the obligation, to restrict or remove Workshop Contributions for any reason.Specific Workshop-Enabled Apps or Workshop web pages may contain special terms (“App-Specific Terms”) that supplement or change the terms set out in this Section.  In particular, where Workshop Contributions are distributed for a fee, App-Specific Terms will address how revenue may be shared.  Unless otherwise specified in App-Specific Terms (if any), the following general rules apply to Workshop Contributions.
			Except where otherwise provided in App-Specific Terms, you agree that Valve’s consideration of your Workshop Contribution is your full compensation, and you are not entitled to any other rights or compensation in connection with the rights granted to Valve and to other Subscribers.C. Promotions and EndorsementsIf you use Steam services (e.g. the Steam Curators’ Lists or the Steam Broadcasting service) to promote or endorse a product, service or event in return for any kind of consideration from a third party (including non-monetary rewards such as free games), you must clearly indicate the source of such consideration to your audience.D. Representations and WarrantiesYou represent and warrant to us that you have sufficient rights in all User Generated Content to grant Valve and other affected parties the licenses described under A. and B. above or in any license terms specific to the applicable Workshop-Enabled App or Workshop page. This includes, without limitation, any kind of intellectual property rights or other proprietary or personal rights affected by or included in the User Generated Content.  In particular, with respect to Workshop Contributions, you represent and warrant that the Workshop Contribution was originally created by you (or, with respect to a Workshop Contribution to which others contributed besides you, by you and the other contributors, and in such case that you have the right to submit such Workshop Contribution on behalf of those other contributors). You furthermore represent and warrant that the User Generated Content, your submission of that Content, and your granting of rights in that Content does not violate any applicable contract, law or regulation.7. DISCLAIMERS; LIMITATION OF LIABILITY; NO GUARANTEES; LIMITED WARRANTY & AGREEMENT  ⏶THIS SECTION 7 DOES NOT APPLY TO EU SUBSCRIBERS.
			Prior to acquiring a Subscription, you should consult the product information made available on Steam, including Subscription description, minimum technical requirements, and user reviews.A. DISCLAIMERSTO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, VALVE AND ITS AFFILIATES AND SERVICE PROVIDERS EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM (I) ANY WARRANTY FOR STEAM, THE CONTENT AND SERVICES, AND THE SUBSCRIPTIONS, AND (II) ANY COMMON LAW DUTIES WITH REGARD TO STEAM, THE CONTENT AND SERVICES, AND THE SUBSCRIPTIONS, INCLUDING DUTIES OF LACK OF NEGLIGENCE AND LACK OF WORKMANLIKE EFFORT. STEAM, THE CONTENT AND SERVICES, THE SUBSCRIPTIONS, AND ANY INFORMATION AVAILABLE IN CONNECTION THEREWITH ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS, "WITH ALL FAULTS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NONINFRINGEMENT. ANY WARRANTY AGAINST INFRINGEMENT THAT MAY BE PROVIDED IN SECTION 2-312 OF THE UNITED STATES UNIFORM COMMERCIAL CODE AND/OR IN ANY OTHER COMPARABLE STATE STATUTE IS EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMED. ALSO, THERE IS NO WARRANTY OF TITLE, NON-INTERFERENCE WITH YOUR ENJOYMENT, OR AUTHORITY IN CONNECTION WITH STEAM, THE CONTENT AND SERVICES, THE SUBSCRIPTIONS, OR INFORMATION AVAILABLE IN CONNECTION THEREWITH.ANY WARRANTY AGAINST INFRINGEMENT THAT MAY BE PROVIDED IN SECTION 2-312 OF THE UNITED STATES UNIFORM COMMERCIAL CODE IS EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMED.B. LIMITATION OF LIABILITYTO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, NEITHER VALVE, ITS LICENSORS, NOR THEIR AFFILIATES, NOR ANY OF VALVE’S SERVICE PROVIDERS, SHALL BE LIABLE IN ANY WAY FOR LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE STEAM, YOUR ACCOUNT, YOUR SUBSCRIPTIONS AND THE CONTENT AND SERVICES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOSS OF GOODWILL, WORK STOPPAGE, COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION, OR ANY AND ALL OTHER COMMERCIAL DAMAGES OR LOSSES. IN NO EVENT WILL VALVE BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, OR ANY OTHER DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH STEAM, THE CONTENT AND SERVICES, THE SUBSCRIPTIONS, AND ANY INFORMATION AVAILABLE IN CONNECTION THEREWITH, OR THE DELAY OR INABILITY TO USE THE CONTENT AND SERVICES, SUBSCRIPTIONS OR ANY INFORMATION, EVEN IN THE EVENT OF VALVE’S OR ITS AFFILIATES’ FAULT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY, OR BREACH OF VALVE’S WARRANTY AND EVEN IF IT HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THESE LIMITATIONS AND LIABILITY EXCLUSIONS APPLY EVEN IF ANY REMEDY FAILS TO PROVIDE ADEQUATE RECOMPENSE. BECAUSE SOME STATES OR JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR THE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, IN SUCH STATES OR JURISDICTIONS, EACH OF VALVE, ITS LICENSORS, AND ITS AFFILIATES’ LIABILITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.C. NO GUARANTEESTO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, NEITHER VALVE NOR ITS AFFILIATES GUARANTEE CONTINUOUS, ERROR-FREE, VIRUS-FREE OR SECURE OPERATION AND ACCESS TO STEAM, THE CONTENT AND SERVICES, YOUR ACCOUNT AND/OR YOUR SUBSCRIPTION(S) OR ANY INFORMATION AVAILABLE IN CONNECTION THEREWITH.D. LIMITED WARRANTY & AGREEMENTCERTAIN HARDWARE PURCHASED FROM VALVE IS SUBJECT TO A LIMITED WARRANTY & AGREEMENT, [OR DEPENDING ON YOUR LOCATION, A STATUTORY WARRANTY] WHICH IS DESCRIBED IN DETAIL HERE.8. AMENDMENTS TO THIS AGREEMENT  ⏶PLEASE NOTE: If you are a consumer with place of residence in Germany, a different version of Section 8 applies to you, which is available here.A. Mutual AmendmentThis Agreement may at any time be mutually amended by your explicit consent to changes proposed by Valve.B. Unilateral AmendmentFurthermore, Valve may amend this Agreement (including any Subscription Terms or Rules of Use) unilaterally at any time in its sole discretion. In this case, you will be notified by e-mail of any amendment to this Agreement made by Valve at least 30 (30) days before the effective date of the amendment. You can view the Agreement at any time at http://www.steampowered.com/. Your failure to cancel your Account prior to the effective date of the amendment will constitute your acceptance of the amended terms. If you don’t agree to the amendments or to any of the terms in this Agreement, your only remedy is to cancel your Account or to cease use of the affected Subscription(s). Valve shall not have any obligation to refund any fees that may have accrued to your Account before cancellation of your Account or cessation of use of any Subscription, nor shall Valve have any obligation to prorate any fees in such circumstances.9. TERM AND TERMINATION  ⏶A. TermThe term of this Agreement (the "Term") commences on the date you first indicate your acceptance of these terms, and will continue in effect until otherwise terminated in accordance with this Agreement.B. Termination by YouYou may cancel your Account at any time.  You may cease use of a Subscription at any time or, if you choose, you may request that Valve terminate your access to a Subscription.  However, Subscriptions are not transferable, and even if your access to a Subscription for a particular game or application is terminated, the original activation key will not be able to be registered to any other account, even if the Subscription was obtained in a retail store.  Access to Subscriptions purchased as a part of a pack or bundle cannot be terminated individually, termination of access to one game within the bundle will result in termination of access to all games purchased in the pack.  Your cancellation of an Account, or your cessation of use of any Subscription or request that access to a Subscription be terminated, will not entitle you to any refund, including of any Subscription fees.  Valve reserves the right to collect fees, surcharges or costs incurred prior to the cancellation of your Account or termination of your access to a particular Subscription. In addition, you are responsible for any charges incurred to third-party vendors or content providers before your cancellation. C. Termination by ValveValve may cancel your Account or any particular Subscription(s) at any time in the event that (a) Valve ceases providing such Subscriptions to similarly situated Subscribers generally, or (b) you breach any terms of this Agreement (including any Subscription Terms or Rules of Use). In the event that your Account or a particular Subscription is terminated or cancelled by Valve for a violation of this Agreement or improper or illegal activity, no refund, including of any Subscription fees or of any unused funds in your Steam Wallet, will be granted.D. Survival of TermsSections 2.C., 2.D., 2.F., 2.G., 3.A., 3.B., 3.D., 3.H., and 5 - 12 will survive any expiration or termination of this Agreement.10. APPLICABLE LAW/MEDIATION/JURISDICTION/ATTORNEYS’ FEES  ⏶For All Customers Outside the European Union:You and Valve agree that this Agreement shall be deemed to have been made and executed in the State of Washington, U.S.A., and Washington law, excluding conflict of laws principles and the Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods, governs all claims arising out of or relating to: (i) any aspect of the relationship between us; (ii) this Agreement; or (iii) your use of Steam, your Account or the Content and Services; except that the U.S. Federal Arbitration Act governs arbitration as far as your country’s laws permit. Subject to Section 11 (Dispute Resolution/Binding Arbitration/Class Action Waiver) below, you and Valve agree that any claim asserted in any legal proceeding shall be commenced and maintained exclusively in any state or federal court located in King County, Washington, having subject matter jurisdiction. You and Valve hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts. In any dispute arising out of or relating to this Agreement, your use of Steam, your account, or the Content and Services, the prevailing party will be entitled to attorneys’ fees and expenses (except arbitration -- see Section 11.C.)For EU Customers:In the event of a dispute relating to the interpretation, the performance or the validity of the Subscriber Agreement, an amicable solution will be sought before any legal action. You can file your complaint at http://help.steampowered.com. In case of failure, you may, within one year of the failed request, have recourse to an Alternative Dispute Resolution procedure by filing an online complaint on the European Commission’s Online Dispute Resolution website:  https://webgate.ec.europa.eu/odr/main/index.cfm?event=main.home.chooseLanguage.In the event that out-of-court dispute resolutions fail, the dispute may be brought before the competent courts.11. DISPUTE RESOLUTION/BINDING ARBITRATION/CLASS ACTION WAIVER  ⏶This Section 11 shall apply to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law. IN PARTICULAR, IF YOU LIVE IN THE PROVINCE OF QUEBEC (CANADA) OR THE EUROPEAN UNION, THIS SECTION 11 DOES NOT APPLY TO YOU.Most user concerns can be resolved by use of our Steam support site at https://support.steampowered.com/. If Valve is unable to resolve your concerns and a dispute remains between you and Valve, this Section explains how the parties have agreed to resolve it.A. Must Arbitrate All Claims Except IP, Unauthorized Use, Piracy, or TheftYOU AND VALVE AGREE TO RESOLVE ALL DISPUTES AND CLAIMS BETWEEN US IN INDIVIDUAL BINDING ARBITRATION. THAT INCLUDES, BUT IS NOT LIMITED TO, ANY CLAIMS ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO: (i) ANY ASPECT OF THE RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN US; (ii) THIS AGREEMENT; OR (iii) YOUR USE OF STEAM, YOUR ACCOUNT, HARDWARE OR THE CONTENT AND SERVICES. IT APPLIES REGARDLESS OF WHETHER SUCH CLAIMS ARE BASED IN CONTRACT, TORT, STATUTE, FRAUD, UNFAIR COMPETITION, MISREPRESENTATION OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, AND INCLUDES ALL CLAIMS BROUGHT ON BEHALF OF ANOTHER PARTY.However, this Section 11 does not apply to the following types of claims or disputes, which you or Valve may bring in any court with jurisdiction: (i) claims of infringement or other misuse of intellectual property rights, including such claims seeking injunctive relief; and (ii) claims related to or arising from any alleged unauthorized use, piracy, or theft.This Section 11 does not prevent you from bringing your dispute to the attention of any federal, state, or local government agencies that can, if the law allows, seek relief from us for you.An arbitration is a proceeding before a neutral arbitrator, instead of before a judge or jury. Arbitration is less formal than a lawsuit in court, and provides more limited discovery. It follows different rules than court proceedings, and is subject to very limited review by courts. The arbitrator will issue a written decision and provide a statement of reasons if requested by either party. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT YOU AND VALVE ARE GIVING UP THE RIGHT TO SUE IN COURT AND TO HAVE A TRIAL BEFORE A JUDGE OR JURY.B. Try to Resolve Dispute Informally FirstYou and Valve agree to make reasonable, good faith efforts to informally resolve any dispute before initiating arbitration. A party who intends to seek arbitration must first send the other a written notice that describes the nature and basis of the claim or dispute and sets forth the relief sought. If you and Valve do not reach an agreement to resolve that claim or dispute within 30 days after the notice is received, you or Valve may commence an arbitration. Written notice to Valve must be sent via postal mail to: ATTN: Arbitration Notice, Valve Corporation, P.O. Box 1688, Bellevue, WA 98004. C. Arbitration Rules and FeesThe U.S. Federal Arbitration Act applies to this Section 11 as far as your country’s laws permit. The arbitration will be governed by the Consumer Arbitration Rules (or the Commercial Arbitration Rules, if the Consumer Arbitration rules are inapplicable) of the American Arbitration Association ("AAA") as modified by this Agreement. Rules are available at http://www.adr.org. The arbitrator is bound by the terms of this Agreement. The AAA will administer the arbitration. Outside the U.S., Valve will select a neutral arbitration provider that uses these or similar rules. It may be conducted through the submission of documents, by phone, or in person in the county where you live or at another mutually agreed location.If you seek $10,000 or less, Valve agrees to promptly reimburse your filing fee and your share if any of AAA’s arbitration costs, including arbitrator compensation, unless the arbitrator determines your claims are frivolous or were filed for harassment. Valve agrees not to seek its attorneys’ fees or costs unless the arbitrator determines your claims are frivolous or were filed for harassment. If you seek more than $10,000 and the AAA Consumer Arbitration Rules do not apply, the AAA’s arbitration costs, including arbitrator compensation, will be split between you and Valve according to the AAA Commercial Arbitration Rules.D. Individual Binding Arbitration OnlyYOU AND VALVE AGREE NOT TO BRING OR PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION, PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL ACTION, WHISTLE BLOWER ACTION, OR CLASS, COLLECTIVE, OR REPRESENTATIVE ARBITRATION, EVEN IF AAA’s RULES WOULD OTHERWISE ALLOW ONE. THE ARBITRATOR MAY AWARD RELIEF ONLY IN FAVOR OF THE INDIVIDUAL PARTY SEEKING RELIEF AND ONLY TO THE EXTENT OF THAT PARTY’S INDIVIDUAL CLAIM. You and Valve also agree not to seek to combine any action or arbitration with any other action or arbitration without the consent of all parties to this Agreement and all other actions or arbitrations.This Agreement does not permit class, collective, or representative arbitration. A court has exclusive authority to rule on any assertion that it does.E. What Happens if Part of Section 11 Is Found Illegal or UnenforceableIf any part of Section 11 (Dispute Resolution/Binding Arbitration/Class Action Waiver) is found to be illegal or unenforceable, the rest will remain in effect (with an arbitration award issued before any court proceeding begins), except that if a finding of partial illegality or unenforceability would allow class, collective, or representative arbitration, all of Section 11 will be unenforceable and the claim or dispute will be resolved in court.12. MISCELLANEOUS  ⏶Except as otherwise expressly set forth in this Agreement, in the event that any provision of this Agreement shall be held by an arbitrator, court, or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be illegal or unenforceable, such provision will be enforced to the maximum extent permissible and the remaining portions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. Section 11.E. governs if some parts of Section 11 (Dispute Resolution/Binding Arbitration/Class Action Waiver) are held to be illegal or unenforceable. This Agreement, including any Subscription Terms, Rules of Use, the Valve Privacy Policy, and the Valve Hardware Limited Warranty Policy, constitutes and contains the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes any prior oral or written agreements. You agree that this Agreement is not intended to confer and does not confer any rights or remedies upon any person other than the parties to this Agreement.Valve’s obligations are subject to existing laws and legal process and Valve may comply with law enforcement or regulatory requests or requirements notwithstanding any contrary term.You agree to comply with all applicable import/export laws and regulations. You agree not to export the Content and Services or Hardware or allow use of your Account by individuals of any terrorist supporting countries to which encryption exports are at the time of exportation restricted by the U.S. Bureau of Export Administration. You represent and warrant that you are not located in, under the control of, or a national or resident of any such prohibited country.This Agreement was last updated on August 28th, 2020 ("Revision Date"). If you were a Subscriber before the Revision Date, it replaces your existing agreement with Valve or Valve SARL on the day that it becomes effective according to Section 8 above.NewOr

			

			

			Le magot du collectionneur de The International 10 est de retour avec une deuxième vague d’items issus du Workshop. Il contient des ensembles complets pour un large éventail de héros et d’héroïnes populaires, notamment un ensemble rare pour Templar Assassin, un ensemble très rare pour Faceless Void et un ensemble ultra rare pour Legion Commander.Ce trésor est disponible dès maintenant pour l’équivalent de 2,49 USD. Ouvrez 14 trésors et obtenez automatiquement 34 niveaux de bataille. Les chances de recevoir un item rare en bonus augmentent avec chaque trésor que vous ouvrez. Vous pouvez également recycler les ensembles dont vous ne voulez pas en échange de deux niveaux de bataille.La deuxième édition de ce magot du collectionneur ne sera disponible à l’achat que pendant trente jours à compter d’aujourd’hui. C’est votre seule chance d’obtenir ces ensembles exclusifs, à l’exception de l’ensemble ultra rare pour Legion Commander qui pourra être mis en vente sur le marché de la communauté quelque temps après la fin de The International 11. Comme d’habitude, 25 % des recettes de chaque vente contribueront directement à la cagnotte de The International 10.Une fois encore, nous souhaitons remercier tous les artistes de la communauté qui ont proposé leurs ensembles sur le Workshop de Dota 2, ainsi que tous les possesseurs du passe de bataille pour leur soutien.Don't have a Steam account?  You can create an account for free.Il Tesoro Immortale II è ora disponibile e include oggetti nuovi di zecca per Magnus, Slardar, Troll Warlord, Sven, Silencer e Witch Doctor.Oltre a questi oggetti, ciascuno di questi tesori che apri offre probabilità aumentate di ricevere un set raro di ali per Jakiro, una versiona dorata molto rara di oggetti per Slardar o Witch Doctor o un cucciolo di corriere ultra raro per Ursa. C’è anche una probabilità universalmente rara di scoprire un Emblema Divino.Tutti i possessori del Pass Battaglia possono trovare un Tesoro immortale II pronto da aprire nell’Arsenale e puoi guadagnare altri tesori aumentando il tuo Livello Battaglia. Nel frattempo, vai sulla pagina del Pass Battaglia per un’anteprima dei nuovi oggetti e degli effetti personalizzati contenuti nel tesoro.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.The Fall Season is upon us and we’re excited to announce updates to Dota Plus and Guilds. The Season begins today and it will run through the beginning of December, 2020.Autumnal Treasure 2020Dota Plus members can now purchase a new treasure with shards. This treasure features 12 community-created sets for Nyx Assassin, Leshrac, Medusa, Vengeful Spirit, Weaver, Clockwerk, Faceless Void, Doom, Sven, Axe, Crystal Maiden, and Tusk. It also includes the re-introduction of Ethereal and Prismatic gems, with the very rare Blazing Hatchling courier coming pre-equipped with a random one of each. Our plan right now is to have a new seasonal treasure available for purchase with shards every 3 months. The next treasure will be available on Dec 1st, and then again every 3 months after that. This will also align with seasonal quests and seasonal terrains. Updates to Dota PlusIn addition to the existing ways to earn shards, Dota Plus members can also earn up to 57,850 shards from a new season of quests for Fall 2020. These extra shards will give the currency you need to take advantage of the Seasonal Treasure. Dota Plus members can now use the new Role Assistant hero grid arrangement. As the Dota community finds new and different ways for heroes to be played, the new Role Assistant automatically records the picks of every hero in Ranked Roles matchmaking and displays heroes in their most picked roles. This data is updated automatically to highlight the latest trends and is filterable by MMR rank.Several features from the Battle Pass have also moved into Dota Plus:We’ve also bumped up the number of players allowed to be on the Avoid Players list from 16 to 25.Shards for EveryoneWe want all players to enjoy earning and spending Shards, so we have changed the currency to be available to all players rather than being Dota Plus exclusive.While the most effective way to earn shards is to have Dota Plus, we’ve enabled the following subset of features to be available for all players:Guild UpdatesWe reintroduced Guilds during the Battle Pass, and we were happy to see how many players participated in Guilds and shared their feedback with us. We are keeping the existing Guilds, but many of the rewards received only worked in the context of the Battle Pass. We’ve redesigned those features so that you can enjoy playing with your guild all the time.Guilds no longer have a Guild Level – instead there is now a weekly leaderboard of guild points earned in a given region. Once a week, guild members will receive their new guild rank and can claim a reward of shards; Dota Plus members earn double the amount of shards. A Guild’s weekly leaderboard position also determines access to special perks that may change over time. The current set of perks is:At the end of the week, all existing guild points will decay by a percentage. This is so that new guilds have a chance to catch up to existing guilds; however, they’ll naturally have to work hard to catch up to the leaders! We want this feature to reward active and engaged guilds working together week-by-week to gain points – so with that in mind we’ll be monitoring and adjusting the weekly decay to achieve that goal. Guild contracts now earn both guild points and shards. All players have access to one contract slot per day, and Dota Plus members have access to a second slot. Guild challenges are still completed in parties of 3+ guild members, and they earn guild points for leaderboard position. Playing a match while in a guild earns guild points, with bonuses for being in parties with your guildmates.All players can participate in a guild, but only Dota Plus members can create them.Ranked SeasonIn the past we’ve seen a bunch of negative aspects to forcing everyone to reset their MMR at the same time. That has been part of our reluctance to continue with resetting every 6 months. However after we’ve expressed this reluctance recently, we’ve gotten a lot of feedback about how valuable they felt this functionality was to them, along with various suggestions to handling this topic.For this season, we are going to try a new approach to MMR resets. We are making the MMR reset optional, and for those who want to participate, we instead spread it out so it doesn’t create too much volatility at the same time (ontop of the volatility that already exists when you enter calibration). We hope this will remove most of the downsides of MMR resets, and let the people that really want to do it be able to do so in a little bit more of a stable environment.Upon logging in, you can go to Settings, and under the Account tab there is a new MMR Recalibration section. To prevent everyone from recalibrating at once, start-times will be spaced out evenly between October 22, 2020 and November 22, 2020 and can be activated anytime until the Season is over. Feel free to press the button the moment it’s available to you, never press it, or warm back up to competitive play before activating it.CommunicationThe community has been wanting us to talk a bit more about things we are working on. There are a variety of reasons we don’t tend to get into those things until something is ready to release, because sometimes plans change, or an idea doesn’t develop into something solid, etc. Sometimes we also aren’t sure about dates yet, and don’t want to set up false expectations for either the scope for an update or to create disappointment if estimations are wrong.That being said, we recognize that sometimes we need to balance that approach with the desire for some information to the community. So we’ll share more information on a few topics below.First is with regards to new heroes. We know the community tends to expect new heroes in the fall each year (usually released around November sometime). We are currently aiming for end of November for a new hero release, followed by more that are spread throughout next year with the next one in the first quarter next year. Recently we’ve been thinking about trying an overall development approach of spreading out updates during the year, rather than only having most content and updates centered around The International. We are hoping a steady state of content will prove to be more engaging to users than the previous approaches.Another area we’ve been doing work on recently is player behavior and toxicity. Some of that has been work we’ve been doing recently in public without patch notes, while some is upcoming stuff that is still in development. We’ve made improvements to our smurf detection systems, and as a result we’ve started separating new accounts from entering the pool of normal and new players. Smurf accounts are now much more likely to play with other smurfs only, this includes parties where only one player is a smurf. They are also likely to inherit any negative behavior scores of their alternate accounts, to limit their negative impact when playing. We’ve also done a few more improvements on making new accounts converge to their correct MMR faster, however there is still more to be done on that front. We have a couple of approaches to solve that which we are working on but they are in the research/experimental stage at this point.We’ve also been ramping up our banning of booster accounts, as we’ve improved detections systems in recent months and gained more confidence in the ability to ban for it. In the past 30 days we’ve banned over 14000 accounts, and have set up systems to continually ban for boosting moving forward. This is an area however that needs constant work and improvements to not stagnate, and some of this will benefit from more advanced detection methods that are also in early research/experimental stages.In terms of toxicity and game ruining behaviors from players, we are working on a new Overwatch style system, similar in some ways to that of CS:GO. We aren’t ready to share more information about this yet, but we will as soon as we are able. We are hoping to get this in the game as soon as possible.Lastly, we’ve done some engine development that results in moderate performance improvements on multi-core CPU’s and will be bringing those to Dota. There’s still a bit of testing to do as it may result in some bugs, but we are aiming towards the next week or so for it. As you can expect, given the code changes required, the release could be a little bit spooky.Today marks the end of The International 10 Battle Pass season. Thank you to everyone who participated and while this year didn’t end with a team hoisting the Aegis, all of us at Valve hope that you and your families remain healthy and we look forward to gathering everyone together for TI10.With the close of the season, we are pleased to announce the results of the 2020 Arcana Vote. This year the community cast millions of votes for two of the purplest heroes in the Dota 2 pool, Faceless Void and Spectre and with a split of 27,475,258 votes to 24,948,538, this year’s Arcana winner is: Spectre. The team will set out to design an Arcana befitting Mercurial, the Spectre, channeling her dark energy into forms heretofore unimagined. How will she haunt her quarry? In what manner can her refraction erode her enemies? When taking aim with her Spectral Dagger, what deadly color will she glow? Yes, purple, obviously, but what SHADE of purple? Sit tight, lavender lovers, plum buffs and violet voters. With time all (or maybe some) of these questions will be answered.Also, next week we’re releasing some new updates to Dota Plus. Among them will be updates to Guilds, a new Dota Plus Season, and a new MMR reset mechanism. Immortal Treasure III is now available, featuring all-new items for Pugna, Clockwerk, Oracle, Treant, Gyrocopter, and Lich.In addition to these items, each of these treasures you open also offers increasing odds of receiving a rare reward of 50 Battle Pass levels, a very rare Golden version of the Pugna item, or the ultra rare Phoenix Wings. As always, there is a cosmically rare chance you’ll discover a Divine Emblem.The Battle Pass will be extended for 3 more weeks, until October 9th, with the results of the Arcana vote revealed at that time (hint: it’s a purple melee carry that can cross distances with ease). During this final stretch, each Battle Pass owner can purchase up to two bundles of 60 levels at a 30% discount.Head over to the Battle Pass page for a preview of the new items and custom effects featured in the treasure.Not even Lyralei herself understood the true extent of her connection with the guardian wind. With no knowledge of her forebears, or memory of her first days, she could but listen for the truth in the whispers of sun-dappled trees around her, or the howling storms that keep even daylight at bay. But as she grew, and her strange connection with the guardian wind became ever stronger, an unease about her origins began to take hold. Unleash the power of the wind with the all-new Compass of the Rising Gale Arcana bundle, available now in The International 10 Battle Pass.This Arcana bundle includes a new model and base items, new animations, a custom channel bar and Focus Fire damage counter, ambient wind effects for both styles, additions to base and Immortal effects for her abilities, new death effects for both Windranger and enemy heroes she takes down, and over 500 new Arcana-exclusive voice lines. Rack up damage on targets you kill using Focus Fire to unlock the Reflections of the Gale alternate style.Learn more at the Compass of the Rising Gale update page.We’ve heard a lot of complaints recently about the state of DPC and we agree that there is more that we should do. We wanted to use this blog to walk you through what happened before, what our thoughts were, and what we will do going forward.Once the extent of the Covid-19 pandemic became clear, we posted about our plans to delay The International and started pre-booking arenas for various alternative dates and countries around the world. We then began researching how to execute The International based on how different pandemic scenarios could play out, with the hope that we’d be able to host it as soon as possible. Since the spring DPC events could no longer operate anymore, we started reaching out to the organizers to see what they wanted to do going forward. Some of those organizers shared their desires to run third party events to cover the period from March through the end of the summer.As we approached the middle of the summer, the volatility of the pandemic had grown significantly and we became very concerned about the impact it would have on future DPC events and The International. The global situation meant that cross regional play would be unlikely for a period of time, and we have since seen scenarios globally in other competitions where teams from certain countries had to be excluded after qualifying due to abrupt travel restrictions and complications. While we had already assumed that having a crowd for the DPC events was not in the cards, we wanted to at least have confidence in being able to bring all teams together for cross region competition. We felt that was a very important component of how we allocate DPC points for The International. We were also unsure of when The International itself would happen, and given the significant lead time needed, the increased spread of the virus made it harder to model out a time frame with confidence. The potential for the DPC season and its narrative feeling too detached from the path towards The International was negative for us. Doing that would also necessitate a DPC point decay system, which in and of itself isn’t a bad thing, but having to abruptly introduce decay mid season if the landscape changes has some additional downsides. Furthermore, we had also received some feedback from a couple of organizers that were either worried about the quality of the broadcast being lower or reluctant to want to operate DPC events in the fall altogether. While neither the cross-region competition nor the relative distance to The International are absolute requirements, we felt the DPC as both a function of The International and also as a coherent product for fans would be better served by holding off on them for now. Given that, our plan was that we’d make the upcoming months open and clear for other leagues and events to operate. Our approach historically has been to want third party tournaments to be able to exist outside of The International (though the degree of that has been fluid over the years as demands from fans and players for more structured circuits to lead to TI increased). Our hope was that we could both achieve a better and more coherent relationship between DPC and TI by approaching it this way as well as still allowing for third party events to have an impact, with the overall end result for fans still being that there would be entertaining content to watch in the fall.Soon after we announced that we were not immediately proceeding with DPC as planned, we received a lot of negative feedback from fans. We think that a lot of the points that were raised were reasonable criticisms towards us, especially because we did not communicate what our intentions were, and what they could expect in the future.For this upcoming competitive season, there are going to be at least four third party events and leagues in EU/CIS events, three in China, and a few others that are still in the preliminary planning stages and are not able to commit at this time. However, there are still going to be a lot of teams, casters, organizers and fans around the world that are not going to be meaningfully served based on the current trajectory and that is our fault for not pushing on those and supporting them enough.With that in mind, we’ve started reaching out to many more tournament organizers to offer help and financial support in order to be able to create increased coverage globally for the remainder of the year. We expect that these events will be gradually announced over the remaining season as soon as they are ready to communicate to fans and teams.Another piece of feedback we got from players as well as fans was wanting more clarity in what we were thinking were the likely dates for DPC and TI to resume. Our outlook right now is that we are anticipating the start of DPC to be in the first month or two of 2021. Our hope is that by the time the first DPC league concludes, travel limitations will be more predictable and spontaneous restrictions will be less likely, thus allowing for Majors with cross-region competition to happen. We are also operating under the assumption that the most likely outcome is for The International to happen in Stockholm in August 2021. While we have other countries as backups, we recognize that fans would be upset if we moved it to another location if the time savings weren’t meaningful enough.We’ve also heard your feedback and concerns around Dota TV streaming rights. This has been a topic we’ve discussed openly in the past and, as we gathered more data, our thoughts have evolved slightly. We ultimately still believe that community streamers providing their own commentary of a tournament is a net positive value to fans and the competitive scene. We also believe that in the long term, the tournament themselves benefit from additional exposure to fans of those community streamers. However, it is true that this can cause a short term loss of revenue as well as a reduced ability to monetize more effectively for tournament organizers. Starting September 15, the Dota license will be updated to reflect the following: Organizers that run Dota 2 Tournaments will have to provide community streamers with a reasonable and simple to execute set of non-monetary requirements, such as displaying the organizers sponsors on their streams or having a slight delay on the games. Community streamers will be able to use the DotaTV feed in their broadcast as long as they agree to those requirements. We believe this will provide more certainty and confidence to community streamers to be able to cast without a lot of turmoil, while at the same time protecting some key interests that tournament organizers have. To avoid possible last minute issues, we would advise casters that want to stream a tournament, to coordinate with the organizer in advance to ensure they are able to fulfill the requirements presented. Tournament organizers and relevant parties that have questions, feel free to reach out to us at [email protected]From deep inside the toy box, a frightening plaything joins the fray. Available now to all Battle Pass owners who reach level 255, the new Toy Butcher Persona for Pudge features an all-new model, animations, and voice performance.Feared amongst the fluff-stuffed denizens of the toy box, The Toy Butcher stalks the corners and shadows of the bin, always on the hunt for his next kill. Every toy knows that once the butcher gets his hook in you, your stuffing and your life are forfeit – like as not to be left strewn about the lanes as the plushy monster jaunts happily away from your lonely, ragged remains. Claim the new persona now in your Battle Pass and don’t forget to pick up the Voice of The International Announcer Pack on your way, available to all Battle Pass Owners at level 75 and above, to herald your next victory.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.Don't have a Steam account?  You can create an account for free.Don't have a Steam account?  You can create an account for free.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.A splintered fragment of the same primordial power as the Ancients themselves, Zet the Arc Warden has pledged to see the clash between Radiant and Dire finally end, by reunification or annihilation.Assault lone enemies with fluxing energy, or distort space to generate a protective field around allies. Summon a Spark Wraith to patrol an area for enemies to infuse with harmful magic, then create a double of Zet, items and all, to overwhelm your foes.Infuses a lone enemy unit with swirling, volatile energy, slowing its movement speed and dealing damage over time. The effect is muted if another enemy unit is near the target.Generates a circular distortion field of magnetic energy that grants evasion and attack speed bonuses to allied heroes and buildings within.Summons a Spark Wraith that slowly materializes and haunts a targeted area until an enemy comes within its range. Once a target has been found the wraith fuses with them, dealing magical damage.Briefly refocusing its fractured elements into a single form, the Arc Warden is able to create a perfect electrical duplication of itself. The duplicate can use all of Arc Warden's current items and spells. When the duplicate is created, all of its available items and normal abilities are off cooldown.Forged by the Hammers of Celestarr and imbued with the energies of the Ancients, this helm feels at home resting across the brow of the Lord of Heaven himself. The faithless shall tremble as true thunder rolls across the fields of battle!- New base model, texture, and all-new animations -- New effect and sound for Thundergod’s Wrath -- Special kill effect for enemies slain with Thundergod’s Wrath -- Special Blink effect and sound when using a Blink Dagger -- A custom portrait, hero icon, minimap icon, and ability icon -- Altered Voice -- A tempest-cloud chariot to carry His Majesty -- Animated chat emoticon -Click image to advanceGranted to all owners of The International 2015 Compendium, the Desert Terrain stretch goal makes its Dota 2 debut. Along with the extensive visual changes, an overhaul of the underlying toolset used to create this terrain gives all custom game creators even more resources to bring their ideas into the field of play.Composed by Matt Hawken Music, this desert-themed music pack makes its way from the Steam Community Workshop as the perfect accompaniment to the new Desert Terrain.Players can now select Ultra Shadow Quality in the Video settings menu. Rendering at twice the previously-supported resolution, the Ultra setting offers more vibrant hero and terrain shadows regardless of map, terrain type, or weather effect.Available to all, the Desert Colosseum map brings a fresh level design—and a deadly boulder trap—to the popular custom game mode. Click the Arcade tab to try the new map or any of the other up-and-coming modes in the growing collection of custom games!Purchasers of this tantalizing treasure box will find another treasure nestled inside! Filled from a new lineup of the past year's treasures, the Nested Treasure II also offers a chance to receive a Set Redemption Token which can be used to select any non-rare item contained within the other possible treasures.Be it for studious improvement or post-stomp bragging rights, a detailed record of your exploits can come in handy. Check out your stats on each hero's respective gallery page, or see a comprehensive list in your profile.Maintaining a modern hero's armory is no small task. Worse yet, sifting through dusty bracers and rusty broadswords in search of near-forgotten treasures is squire's work. With the new Armory feed, you can save time and sack the squire by accessing all of your recently-acquired items directly from any menu in the client.Not all of the best shops are secret. Now accessible in the top menu of the Dota 2 client, visit the new Store tab to stock up on hero sets, global items, and the latest featured treasures.Create chat channels with restricted memberships. Invite your friends, invite your enemies, invite anyone you'd like...or don't! You can create a channel that's just for you.By nature's will and battle's scars, the lands around the river have changed. Explore new paths—of opportunity and escape—on both the Radiant and Dire sides. Mastery of these paths may determine whether your return to the fountain is by means of teleportation or from beyond the veil of the dead.From battle's beginning to Ancient's end, heroes clash to briefly control the mystical energies that spawn near the river bends. Now, a new power flows into rune form. A prize to spellcasters and fighters alike, the Arcane Rune infuses its user's abilities with arcane energy, reducing all spell cooldowns and mana costs.For a meager offering, gain the blessing of the fae. The intense glow of Faerie Fire grants wielders increased damage against their foes, and can be consumed to restore health.Possess the strength and reach of a wyvern rider. The Dragon Lance bestows equal amounts strength, attack speed, and damage. The lance also extends the attack range of any ranged heroes who carry it to battle.The Aether Lens boosts the mana and magic resistance of its bearer, while also granting improved health regeneration. With the lens as a focal point for arcane power, a caster gains increased spell range and damage output.Offering armor and Quelling Blade bonuses, the Iron Talon joins the list of essential battlefield tools. While posing no threat to enemy heroes or the ancient beasts of the forest, the piercing blow of the talon is feared by all lesser creatures, and the occasional tree.No longer content to watch the clash from afar, three heroes enter the field of battle. Oracle, Terrorblade, and Earth Spirit are now available in Captains Mode.The creatures of the forest have expanded their territory. Two neutral creep camps have been added to the map—one near the Radiant's Secret Shop, one near the Dire's. With this added gold and experience in the balance, the battle for resources takes new shape.As the tide of battle changes, a wise hero changes with it. Death Prophet, Faceless Void, Riki, Lone Druid, and Doom all have new abilities. Check the Patch Notes below for the full list of changes.Causes all spell cooldowns to be reduced by 30% and mana costs to be reduced by 50%.Lasts for 50 seconds.Fireball=======Targets an area and hurls a fire blast towards it, igniting the 300 AoE area for 10 seconds. Deals 85 damage per second.Cooldown: 10Mana cost: 100Cast Range: 1000.Removed the Light attack type and moved the following units to the Standard attack type (effectively 40->50% vs structures): Centaur Conqueror, Hellbear, Hellbear Smasher, Wildwind Ripper, Satyr Tormenter, Ancient Granite Golem, Ancient Black Dragon, Forged Spirits, Spiderlings, and Warlock's Golems.Removed the Weak armor type and moved the following unit to the Soft armor type (same as creeps): Beastmster's HawkCombined the Basic and Strong Armor types (like various other neutrals use): Kobold Soldier, Vhoul Assassin, Ghost, Hill Troll Berserker, Hill Troll Priest, Harpy Scout, Harpy Stormcrafter, Beastmaster's Boar, Undying's Tombstone, Pugna's Netherward, Templar Assassin's Psionic Trap, Techies' Land Mine, Techies' Stasis Trap, and Techies' Remote Mine.Nasal Goo is no longer targeted, instead it applies Goo to all enemies around you in 600 AoE when castedMost of these will return to Captain's Mode in a subsequent 6.86b/c patch.Spirit Siphon=======Creates a spirit link between you and the target, draining 20 + 1/1.8/2.6/3.4% Max HP per second and slowing movement speed by 6/10/14/18%. Lasts 4 seconds. Cast Range: 500Buffer Distance: 300Has 1/2/3/4 charges, 45 second replenishA unit cannot be affected by multiple instances at the same time. Cannot target Roshan.Mana cost: 70/65/60/55Most of these will return to Captain's Mode in a subsequent 6.86b/c patch.Infernal Blade=======Passive/autocast attack ability. Ministuns for 0.3 seconds and applies a 4 second burn that deals 40 + 1.25/2.5/3.75/5% Max HP as magic damage.Cooldown: 16/12/8/4Mana cost: 40Marksmanship now causes her attacks to splinter on the target and split into two arrows affecting two random units in a 375 radius. The splintered arrows deal 50% damage each. Primary target still takes full damage.The split arrows act as normal attacks, carrying all attack modifiers.Most of these will return to Captain's Mode in a subsequent 6.86b/c patch.Time Dilation=======Applies a debuff to all nearby enemies (650 AoE) for 6/7/8/9 seconds. Causes time to be frozen on all enemy abilities, causing their cooldowns to make no progress while they have this debuff. Slows movement and attack speed by 4/6/8/10% for each locked ability.Cooldown: 34/28/22/16Mana cost: 50Ghost Ship now drags enemies within a 200 AoE of it towards the crash site. It now starts from where you are, rather than behind you, lands in the same position it normally would have.Enemies are still able to perform actions while being pulled by the Ghost Ship. Works similiar to Drow Ranger's Gust knockbackMost of these will return to Captain's Mode in a subsequent 6.86b/c patch.Savage Roar=======Causes enemies in a 325 AoE around you or your bear to run away with 20% movement speed bonus for 1.2/1.6/2/2.4 seconds towards their fountain.Cooldown: 28/24/20/16Mana cost: 50Note: An entangled hero will not be able to move still. Spirit Bear also has this ability, but the cooldown is shared with your hero.Changes Empower to be an allied hero aura. Affects ranged heroes for half cleave values and causes them to deal splash damage around the target in a 200 AoE. Can still be cast on units, but does not stack.Astral Imprisonment now deals damage to enemies in an area around the target when it ends. The target itself will also take damage, if it is an enemy. Deals 75/150/225/300 magic damage. Affects a 400 area. You are only hurt once by this AoE with Scepter.No longer steals intelligence.Can now be targeted on creeps.Reduces cooldown of Meat Hook to 4 seconds and increases damage from 360 to 475.Note: No longer grants previous Scepter bonuses.Most of these will return to Captain's Mode in a subsequent 6.86b/c patch.Permanent Invisibility============Riki grants 0.4/0.6/0.8/1.0 damage when attacking from behind.Invisibility Fade Time: 6/5/4/3 secondsNote: No longer grants 6/8/10/12 HP regenerationDamage: 20/40/60/80Cooldown: 16/12/8/4Mana cost: 50Tricks of the Trade============Riki phases out of the world for up to 3/4/5 seconds, attacking every enemy from behind in a 450 area around him. He attacks once when phasing out and then once per second while being phased out.
									Can be cancelled any time.
								Cooldown: 90/80/70Mana cost: 75Cast Point: 0.4Doubles Burrowstrike cast range and applies Caustic Finale poison to heroesNote: No longer grants previous Scepter bonuses.Requiem of Souls waves now return back to Shadow Fiend dealing 40% damage on the way back.All of the damage the Requiem does to heroes on its way back heals you.Arcane Curse=======Targets an area, causes enemies to take damage over time. Anytime they cast a spell, the duration of the debuff is increased. If an enemy affected by this debuff is silenced, the debuff will pause (no damage and no time elapses).Duration: 7 secondsStacking Duration: 4 seconds (anytime a spell is cast, this is added to the duration)DPS: 14/21/28/35Cooldown: 18/16/14/12Mana cost: 75/95/115/135Radius: 425Affects Creeps.Note: Spell cast means the same stuff as CotS rules were, stuff that procs magic stick and isn't an item.Causes Gush to become a ground targeted wave ability that travels for 1800 range.AoE: 240Projectile speed: 1500Cooldown: 7Allows you to cast your ultimate while disabled and reduces cooldown from 50/40/30 to 30/24/18 seconds.Causes you to spawn a Vengeance Illusion when you die. The Vengeance Illusion deals 50% damage, takes 150% damage, and is able to use all of your abilities (but not items). The Vengeance Illusion lasts until she revives.Note: Still grants previous Scepter bonuses to Netherswap.Most of these will return to Captain's Mode in a subsequent 6.86b/c patch.Costs: 75 goldProvides: 
								
								+ 2 Damage
								Use: Consume the Faerie Fire to restore 75 HP. Cooldown: 5 seconds.Requires:
								Ogre Club (1000)
								Quarterstaff (875)
								Total: 1875Provides:
								+ 10 Strength
								+ 10 Attack Speed
								+ 10 Damage
								+ 130 Attack Range (ranged heroes only, does not stack)Can be disassembled.Requires:
								Energy Booster (900)
								Ring of Health (850)
								Cloak (550)
								Total: 2300Provides:
								+ 250 Mana
								+ 8 HP Regeneration
								+ 15 Magic Resistance
								+ 200 Cast Range
								+ 8% Spell DamageRequires:
								Quelling Blade (200)
								Ring of Protection (175)
								Recipe (125)
								Total: 500Provides:
								+ 2 Armor
								Bonuses of Quelling BladeActive: Lets you target non-player enemy units to remove 40% of their current HP. Cooldown: 14 seconds. Note: Cannot target ancients. Has normal 4 second cooldown when used on Trees.Creates a spell shield on your hero that absorbs up to 325 magical damage.Duration: 12 secondsCooldown: 60 secondsMana cost: 75This information is only used for account creation and is not savedThis information is only used for account creation and is not savedMain MenuSteam Guard is an additional level of security that can be applied to your Steam account. The first level of security on your account is your login credentials: your Steam account name and password. With Steam Guard, a second level of security is applied to your account, making it harder for your Steam account to fall into the wrong hands.When Steam Guard is enabled on your account, when you login to your Steam account from an unrecognized device you'll need to provide a special access code to verify it's your account. Depending on your Steam Guard settings, you'll either receive an email with the special code or you'll get it from the Steam Mobile app on your smartphone.Steam Guard is enabled by default on your Steam account if your email is verified and you have restarted Steam twice since verifying your email. If you have disabled Steam Guard, and wish to reactivate it, please follow the instructions below:That's it! With Steam Guard enabled, you will be asked to enter the special access code sent to your email address each time you login to Steam from an unrecognized device.Getting Steam Guard codes via your smartphone provides the best level of Steam account security because you're authorizing your logins with a physical device that you possess. You'll need to download and install the free Steam Mobile app to your phone.No, there's no limit. Steam Guard is aimed to protect the value that is yours, not limit your access to your stuff. As always, you can access your Steam account and library from as many machines as you'd like.Deauthorizing a machine means it will look like a new device next time you use it to log in and a Steam Guard code will be required.If you've mistakenly checked the "remember me" box when logging in to a public computer or if your account has been compromised, you should deauthorize any computers that you've previously Steam Guarded. You can do this from your Account Details page > Manage Steam Guard and select "Deauthorize all other devices" at the bottom of the page. This will deauthorize all computers or devices other than the one you're performing this action from.Via email - Exit Steam and log back into your account. This will generate a new verification email.Via phone - The Mobile Authenticator will automatically generate a new code every 30 seconds.Always ensure that you enter the most recent code sent or generated - older codes will not work!Make sure that you are watching the inbox for the email address associated with your Steam account. Perhaps you used a different email address?If you are not receiving the e-mail at all, check your spam filters and spam inbox.Please try adding "[email protected]" and "[email protected]" to your contacts or trusted senders list within your email client and request a new access code.Even though Steam instantly sends an email, you may encounter a delay with some email providers depending on their server load and processing times. Please contact us if you have not received the verification email after 3 hours.This may be caused your browser's security settings. If your web browser's ‘Privacy’ settings are set too high, then your browser will be unable to store (web) cookie information. Check your browser settings to ensure that cookies are allowed.Running programs that clear internet history, delete other unused files, block cookie creation or that clean up orphaned registry entries may also be responsible for this issue. Disabling such programs will prevent this issue from occurring when logging into Steam via your web browser.More information...For help logging into Steam visit https://help.steampowered.comNo, Steam Guard will not limit your ability to access your Steam account through third-party websites that enable a sign in via your Steam account credentials.Steam Guard protects your Steam account by requiring access to your verified email account. This second layer of security depends on your email account also being secure. Below are the common methods used to steal accounts with Steam Guard enabled:This can happen after Steam Support has restored your account. If the button to enable or change Steam Guard's settings is missing you must restart Steam.The Steam client's settings dialog will appear like this:
		© 2017 Valve Corporation. All rights reserved. All trademarks are property of their respective owners in the US and other countries.
		Privacy Policy. 
		Legal. 
		Steam Subscriber Agreement.
	About Valve | Business Solutions | Jobs | Steam Site License
        We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.Don't have a Steam account?  You can create an account for free.El Alijo del Coleccionista de The International 10 está de vuelta con una segunda tanda de artículos del Workshop de Dota 2, presentando sets completos para una amplia variedad de héroes favoritos, incluido un set raro para Templar Assassin, un set muy raro para Faceless Void y un set ultra raro para Legion Commander.La apertura de catorce de estos tesoros (ya disponibles por 2.49 USD cada uno) te otorgará automáticamente treinta y cuatro niveles de batalla, y las probabilidades de recibir un objeto raro adicional aumentan con cada uno que abras. También puedes reciclar cualquier set que no quieras para obtener dos niveles de batalla.El volumen II del Alijo del Coleccionista solo estará disponible durante los próximos treinta días y es la única manera de conseguir estos sets de objetos exclusivos, excepto el ultrarraro de Legion Commander, que se podrá vender cuando termine The International 11. Como ya es tradición, el 25 % de los ingresos por cada venta se destina directamente al fondo para premios de The International 10.Una vez más, nos gustaría dar las gracias a todos los artistas de la comunidad que han presentado propuestas en el Workshop de Dota 2, así como a la comunidad del pase de batalla por su apoyo.El Tesoro de Aspecto Inmortal II ya está disponible e incluye nuevos artículos para Magnus, Slardar, Troll Warlord, Sven, Silencer y Witch Doctor.Además de estos objetos, cada uno de estos tesoros que abres también ofrece mayores probabilidades de recibir un conjunto raro de alas para Jakiro, una versión dorada muy rara de los objetos para Slardar o Witch Doctor, o un portador de cachorros Ursa ultrararo. Incluso hay una posibilidad cósmicamente rara de que descubras un Emblema Divino.Todos los poseedores del pase de batalla encontrarán un Tesoro de Aspecto Inmortal II listo para abrir en la armería, y podrán conseguir más tesoros aumentando su nivel de batalla. Mientras tanto, dirígete a la página del pase de batalla para obtener una vista previa de los nuevos objetos y efectos personalizados presentados en el tesoro.Después de vagar por múltiples dimensiones, Aghanim el poderoso, el omnisciente, Aghanim el absolutamente irresistible conquistador, ha encontrado su camino de regreso al reino. Y no viene solo. Disponible para todos y completamente gratis, el Laberinto de Aghanim es una experiencia cooperativa de cuatro jugadores al estilo Renegado que pondrá a prueba tu grupo contra una colección de monstruos interdimensionales cuidadosamente seleccionados por Aghanim. No se necesita el pase de batalla (aunque los que tengan pase de batalla pueden ganar puntos al jugar).Perdido más allá del plano astral durante lo que a él le parecieron milenios, Aghanim dio tumbos de acá para allá a través de las brumas de la creación, cultivando su mente con magia del otro lado de la nada. Aghanim se volvió extraordinariamente sabio, con conocimientos inimaginables; excepto que no sabía como regresar. Fue solo antes de que un coro de voces débiles rompiera el estruendo que creyó que la esperanza se había perdido. Allí, en la oscuridad entrelazada con cintas de horror, podía oír héroe tras héroe construyendo SU cetro.
Reúne a tu equipo y consulta el Laberinto de Aghanim para obtener una descripción completa del modo. ¡Date prisa, Aghanim está esperando!Una joven guerrera surgida de las cenizas de una fe caída se une a la lucha contra las perversiones de los arcanos. El nuevo personaje de héroe «Camino de la Discípula» para Anti-Mage, ya disponible para todos los poseedores del pase de batalla que alcancen el nivel 305, incluye un nuevo modelo, animaciones e interpretación de voz para asegurarse de que pueda continuar las tradiciones perdidas resucitadas por Anti-Mage.Recatada a muy temprana edad por Anti-Mage, y acogida por sus aliados, la discípula Wei comenzó su entrenamiento tan pronto como su mentor lo permitió. Ahora, tras años de estudio y meditación, Wei es llamada a viajar por el mundo y luchar por la doctrina de un nuevo orden que derribe los pilares de la magia y ponga de rodillas a los magos de estos reinos.Visita la página de la actualización del Camino de la Discípula para obtener más información, y luego trasládate a las sendas para arrasar a tus enemigos.Los últimos votos han sido contabilizados y el Alijo del Coleccionista de The International 10 ya está disponible, cargado con los 18 sets de objetos más votados por la comunidad de Dota 2.La apertura de 15 tesoros te otorgará automáticamente 36 niveles de batalla, y las probabilidades de recibir un objeto raro adicional aumentarán con cada tesoro que abras. También puedes reciclar cualquier objeto que no quieras para obtener 2 niveles de batalla.El Alijo del Coleccionista de The International 10 está disponible por 2.49 USD y solo permanecerá a la venta durante 30 días. Esta será la única manera de adquirir estos objetos exclusivos, excepto el ultrarraro de Mirana, que se podrá vender en cualquier momento después de que concluya el The International 11. El 25 % de los ingresos de cada compra de este tesoro se destina al fondo para premios de The International.El recuento final se detalla a continuación, con la excepción de un segundo set para Grimstroke que alcanzó el puesto 17 y que se lanzará en el futuro. Nos gustaría dar las gracias de nuevo a todos los artistas de la comunidad que han presentado propuestas para el tesoro de este año, así como a la comunidad del pase de batalla por apoyar con sus votos a sus sets favoritos. Estamos deseando ver tus mejores selecciones en las sendas.Explora incluso más a fondo los confines de las recompensas del pase de batalla con el Pack de Nivel de Batalla disponible solo por tiempo limitado. Los poseedores del pase de batalla pueden comprar este pack descontado, desde ahora hasta la tarde del lunes 29 de junio, para desbloquear 120 Niveles de Batalla, x9 Tesoros de Aspecto Inmortal I, x6 Tesoros de Aspecto Inmortal II y x3 Tesoros de Aspecto Inmortal III por solo 29.99 $.Este pack ofrece un 75 % de ahorro en el valor combinado de los Niveles y los Tesoros, y el 25 % de los ingresos de cada venta se agrega al fondo de premios de The International 10. Cada persona puede comprar hasta dos packs.El pase de batalla de The Internacional 10 está repleto de recompensas increíbles: los Santuarios de lo Divino en el nivel 160, el personaje para Pudge del Carnicero de Peluche en el nivel 255, el personaje para Anti-Mage del Camino del Discípulo en el nivel 305, el Único Rey Verdadero del arcano de Wraith King en nivel 375, la Eminencia de Ristul Queen of Pain Arcana en el nivel 445, el Arcano de la Brújula del Vendaval en Ascenso en el nivel 575, y la Aegis del coleccionista en el nivel 1000 por nombrar solo algunos. El Pack de Nivel de Batalla es la herramienta necesaria para descubrir todo el potencial del pase de batalla de este año.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.Don't have a Steam account?  You can create an account for free.Main MenuThese guidelines apply to all places in the Steam Store and Community where users can post content. This includes, but is not limited to, discussions, comments, guides, product reviews, screenshots, artwork, videos, tags, Steam Workshop, and Steam Greenlight.When providing feedback, posting information, or discussing a product in Steam, whether it’s negative or positive, please make sure you are being relevant, constructive and polite. Developers take feedback from all kinds of sources into account, even though they may not have the time to respond to every post or question. Please note that Administrators/Moderators reserve the right to change/edit/delete/move/merge any content at any time if they feel it is inappropriate, abusive, or incorrectly categorized.All users are subject to the Steam Subscriber Agreement and Steam Online Conduct.Do not do any of the following:Do not post any content on Steam containing the following:Let the moderators do the moderating. Backseat moderating is when people who are not moderators try to enforce the forum rules. If you see a person breaking the rules, take advantage of the Report () button or simply ignore the offensive post(s), thread, or review. Should you observe a fellow Community member breaking these rules please report the post or item by clicking the Report () button located on every item, post, and review.Repeated offenders of the above rules and guidelines will be banned from the Steam Community. Any moderator has the ability to ban a user for violating the rules at their discretion.
		© 2017 Valve Corporation. All rights reserved. All trademarks are property of their respective owners in the US and other countries.
		Privacy Policy. 
		Legal. 
		Steam Subscriber Agreement.
	About Valve | Business Solutions | Jobs | Steam Site License
        Don't have a Steam account?  You can create an account for free.Don't have a Steam account?  You can create an account for free.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.Il Bottino del collezionista del The International 10 torna con una dose extra di oggetti del Workshop di Dota 2, con set completi per molti dei vostri eroi preferiti, compreso un set raro per Templar Assassin, un set molto raro per Faceless Void e un set rarissimo per Legion Commander.Il Bottino è disponibile ora per 2,49 $ e aprire 14 di questi tesori garantirà automaticamente 34 Livelli Battaglia e le probabilità di trovare un oggetto raro bonus aumenteranno con ogni tesoro aperto. È anche possibile riciclare i set non desiderati per 2 Livelli Battaglia.Il Volume 2 del Bottino del collezionista sarà disponibile solo per i prossimi 30 giorni ed è l’unico modo per ricevere questi set di oggetti esclusivi, tranne che per il set rarissimo per Legion Commander, che sarà disponibile per la vendita dopo la conclusione del The International 11. Come in precedenza, il 25% dei proventi delle vendite verrà aggiunto al montepremi del The International 10.Come sempre, vogliamo ringraziare gli artisti della Comunità che hanno creato contenuti nel Workshop di Dota 2 e l’intera Comunità del Pass Battaglia per il loro supporto.Il Tesoro Immortale II è ora disponibile e include oggetti nuovi di zecca per Magnus, Slardar, Troll Warlord, Sven, Silencer e Witch Doctor.Oltre a questi oggetti, ciascuno di questi tesori che apri offre probabilità aumentate di ricevere un set raro di ali per Jakiro, una versiona dorata molto rara di oggetti per Slardar o Witch Doctor o un cucciolo di corriere ultra raro per Ursa. C’è anche una probabilità universalmente rara di scoprire un Emblema Divino.Tutti i possessori del Pass Battaglia possono trovare un Tesoro immortale II pronto da aprire nell’Arsenale e puoi guadagnare altri tesori aumentando il tuo Livello Battaglia. Nel frattempo, vai sulla pagina del Pass Battaglia per un’anteprima dei nuovi oggetti e degli effetti personalizzati contenuti nel tesoro.Dopo essersi smarrito attraverso varie dimensioni, Aghanim il Possente, Aghanim l’Onnisciente, Aghanim il Muscoloso e Bellissimo, ha ritrovato la strada verso il suo regno. E non è da solo. Disponibile per tutti e completamente free-to-play, Il Labirinto di Aghanim è un’esperienza cooperativa in stile rogue per quattro giocatori che metterà il tuo gruppo alla prova contro una collezione di mostri interdimensionali accuratamente selezionati da Aghanim. Pass Battaglia non richiesto (anche se chi lo possiede può guadagnare punti giocando).Aghanim, ritrovatosi perduto in luoghi ben al di là del piano astrale per un tempo che a lui è parso di millenni, ha vagabondato attraverso le nebbie della creazione, arricchendo la sua mente con la magia che si annida oltre il Vuoto. Aghanim si è ritrovato a ottenere un’inenarrabile quantità di sapere, tranne che quello su come tornare. Aveva quasi abbandonato ogni speranza, quando un coro di flebili voci si levò dal frastuono. Lì, tra oscurità frammista a filamenti d’orrore, sentì eroe dopo eroe, tutti intenti a forgiare il SUO scettro.
Dai un’occhiata al Labirinto di Aghanim insieme al tuo gruppo per una panoramica completa della modalità. Fate in fretta, Aghanim vi attende!Dalle ceneri di una fede ormai decaduta, una giovane guerriera si unisce alla lotta contro le malefatte dell’arcano. Disponibile ora per tutti gli utenti del Pass Battaglia che hanno raggiunto il livello 305, il personaggio alternativo di Anti-Mage (La via del discepolo) include un nuovo modello, animazioni e frasi con cui poter tramandare le antiche tradizioni riesumate dall’Anti-Mago.Salvata in giovane età da Anti-Mage e cresciuta dai suoi alleati, la discepola Wei iniziò il suo addestramento appena il suo mentore capì che era il momento giusto. Ora, dopo anni di studi e meditazione, Wei dovrà intraprendere un lungo viaggio e dichiarare guerra a un nuovo ordine di malvagi, così da abbattere i pilastri della magia e costringere in ginocchio i maghi di questi reami.Per maggiori informazioni, visita la pagina dell’aggiornamento “La via del discepolo”, quindi teletrasportati sul campo di battaglia per distruggere i tuoi avversari.La conta dei voti è stata completata e il Bottino del collezionista del The International 10 è ora disponibile e pieno zeppo dei 18 set di oggetti votati dalla Comunità di Dota 2.L’apertura di 15 tesori ti garantirà automaticamente 36 Livelli Battaglia e le possibilità di trovare un oggetto raro bonus aumenteranno con ogni tesoro che apri. Puoi anche riciclare gli oggetti che non vuoi per 2 Livelli Battaglia.Il Bottino del collezionista del The International 10 è disponibile per 2,49 $ e sarà in vendita solo per 30 giorni. Questo sarà l’unico modo per acquistare questi oggetti esclusivi, a eccezione dell’oggetto rarissimo per Mirana, che sarà vendibile dopo la conclusione del The International 11. Il 25% di ogni acquisto di questo tesoro contribuisce direttamente al montepremi del The International 10.Di seguito riportiamo il conteggio esatto dei voti, ad eccezione di un secondo set per Grimstroke in posizione 17 che verrà rilasciato in futuro. Vogliamo ringraziare gli artisti della Comunità che si sono occupati dei contenuti del bottino di quest’anno e l’intera Comunità del Pass Battaglia per aver votato in supporto dei loro set di oggetti preferiti. Non vediamo l’ora di vedere le vostre scelte nelle corsie.Spingiti ancora più in profondità nei meandri della linea delle ricompense del Pass Battaglia con il pacchetto di Livelli Battaglia, disponibile solo per un periodo limitato. Gli utenti del Pass Battaglia possono acquistare il pacchetto in sconto da ora fino a lunedì 29 giugno per sbloccare 120 Livelli Battaglia, 9 Tesori Immortali I, 6 Tesori Immortali II e 3 Tesori Immortali III per soli 29,99 $.Questo pacchetto consente di risparmiare il 75% del valore complessivo dei livelli e dei tesori in esso contenuti e contribuisce, con il 25% di ogni vendita, al montepremi del The International 10. Ogni cliente può acquistare fino a due pacchetti.Il Pass Battaglia del The International 10 è pieno zeppo di fantastiche ricompense: il terreno “Santuari Divini” al livello 160, il personaggio alternativo di Pudge “Macellaio giocattolo” al livello 155, il personaggio alternativo di Anti-Mage “La via del discepolo” al livello 305, l’oggetto arcano di Wraith King “L’Unico Vero Re” al livello 375, l’oggetto arcano per Queen of Pain “Eminenza di Ristul” al livello 445, l’oggetto arcano di Windranger “Guida della Burrasca Crescente” al livello 575, l’Egida da collezionista al livello 1000 e tanto altro. Il pacchetto di Livelli Battaglia è precisamente lo strumento necessario per scoprire tutto il potenziale del Pass Battaglia di quest’anno.Nach einer Weile des Herumirrens in verschiedenen Dimensionen hat Aghanim der Mächtige, Aghanim der Allwissende, Aghanim der absolut Wunderschöne und Herrliche den Weg zurück ins Diesseits gefunden – und er kommt nicht allein. Aghanims Labyrinth ist ein frei zugängliches kooperatives Rogue-like für vier Spieler, in dem Ihre Gruppe gegen Aghanims handverlesene Auswahl interdimensionaler Monster antritt. Kein Schlachtenpass erforderlich (allerdings verdienen Schlachtenpassbesitzer Punkte fürs Spielen).Weit über die Astralebene hinaus und für gefühlte Jahrtausende taumelte Aghanim hier und dort durch die Nebel der Schöpfung und bereicherte seinen Geist mit Magie aus der Leere. Er häufte unvorstellbare Reichtümer unerklärlicher Weisheiten an – bis auf den einfachen Fakt, wie er zurückkehren konnte. Er glaubte alle Hoffnung sei verloren, als ein Chor leiser Stimmen durch das Getöse drang. Durch die mit Bändern des Grauens durchzogene Dunkelheit konnte er hören, wie ein Held nach dem anderen SEIN Zepter nachbaute.
Trommeln Sie Ihre Gruppe zusammen und schauen Sie sich Aghanims Labyrinth an, um eine vollständige Übersicht über diesen Modus zu sehen. Beeilung, Aghanim wartet!Le trésor immortel II est enfin disponible ! Il comprend de tout nouveaux items pour Magnus, Slardar, Troll Warlord, Sven, Silencer et Witch Doctor.En plus de ces items, chaque trésor ouvert vous permet d’augmenter vos chances de recevoir un ensemble d’ailes rare pour Jakiro, une version en or très rare des items de Slardar ou Witch Doctor, ou un ourson ultra rare qui se tient sur le dos d’Ursa. Vous avez même une chance rarissime d’obtenir un emblème de divinité.Si vous possédez le passe de bataille, un trésor immortel II attend que vous le déballiez dans votre armurerie. Vous recevrez encore plus de trésors si vous augmentez votre niveau de bataille. Rendez-vous sur la page du passe de bataille pour découvrir les nouveaux items et les effets personnalisés cachés que recèle ce nouveau trésor.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.Don't have a Steam account?  You can create an account for free.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.Don't have a Steam account?  You can create an account for free.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.Después de vagar por múltiples dimensiones, Aghanim el poderoso, el omnisciente, Aghanim el absolutamente irresistible conquistador, ha encontrado su camino de regreso al reino. Y no viene solo. Disponible para todos y completamente gratis, el Laberinto de Aghanim es una experiencia cooperativa de cuatro jugadores al estilo Renegado que pondrá a prueba tu grupo contra una colección de monstruos interdimensionales cuidadosamente seleccionados por Aghanim. No se necesita el pase de batalla (aunque los que tengan pase de batalla pueden ganar puntos al jugar).Perdido más allá del plano astral durante lo que a él le parecieron milenios, Aghanim dio tumbos de acá para allá a través de las brumas de la creación, cultivando su mente con magia del otro lado de la nada. Aghanim se volvió extraordinariamente sabio, con conocimientos inimaginables; excepto que no sabía como regresar. Fue solo antes de que un coro de voces débiles rompiera el estruendo que creyó que la esperanza se había perdido. Allí, en la oscuridad entrelazada con cintas de horror, podía oír héroe tras héroe construyendo SU cetro.
Reúne a tu equipo y consulta el Laberinto de Aghanim para obtener una descripción completa del modo. ¡Date prisa, Aghanim está esperando!We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.Don't have a Steam account?  You can create an account for free.orBuy and sell items with community members using Steam Wallet funds.Browse and rate items created by the community.SpotlightTreasure SpotlightPopular ToolsHUD Skins & Loading ScreensMERCHANDISEEl Tesoro de Aspecto Inmortal II ya está disponible e incluye nuevos artículos para Magnus, Slardar, Troll Warlord, Sven, Silencer y Witch Doctor.Además de estos objetos, cada uno de estos tesoros que abres también ofrece mayores probabilidades de recibir un conjunto raro de alas para Jakiro, una versión dorada muy rara de los objetos para Slardar o Witch Doctor, o un portador de cachorros Ursa ultrararo. Incluso hay una posibilidad cósmicamente rara de que descubras un Emblema Divino.Todos los poseedores del pase de batalla encontrarán un Tesoro de Aspecto Inmortal II listo para abrir en la armería, y podrán conseguir más tesoros aumentando su nivel de batalla. Mientras tanto, dirígete a la página del pase de batalla para obtener una vista previa de los nuevos objetos y efectos personalizados presentados en el tesoro.La conta dei voti è stata completata e il Bottino del collezionista del The International 10 è ora disponibile e pieno zeppo dei 18 set di oggetti votati dalla Comunità di Dota 2.L’apertura di 15 tesori ti garantirà automaticamente 36 Livelli Battaglia e le possibilità di trovare un oggetto raro bonus aumenteranno con ogni tesoro che apri. Puoi anche riciclare gli oggetti che non vuoi per 2 Livelli Battaglia.Il Bottino del collezionista del The International 10 è disponibile per 2,49 $ e sarà in vendita solo per 30 giorni. Questo sarà l’unico modo per acquistare questi oggetti esclusivi, a eccezione dell’oggetto rarissimo per Mirana, che sarà vendibile dopo la conclusione del The International 11. Il 25% di ogni acquisto di questo tesoro contribuisce direttamente al montepremi del The International 10.Di seguito riportiamo il conteggio esatto dei voti, ad eccezione di un secondo set per Grimstroke in posizione 17 che verrà rilasciato in futuro. Vogliamo ringraziare gli artisti della Comunità che si sono occupati dei contenuti del bottino di quest’anno e l’intera Comunità del Pass Battaglia per aver votato in supporto dei loro set di oggetti preferiti. Non vediamo l’ora di vedere le vostre scelte nelle corsie.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.Continuez d’explorer la ligne de récompenses du passe de bataille avec le bundle de niveaux de bataille, disponible pour une durée limitée. Ceux et celles qui possèdent le passe de bataille peuvent acheter ce bundle à prix réduit jusqu’au lundi 29 juin au soir et débloquer 120 niveaux de bataille, 9 trésors immortels I, 6 trésors immortels II et 3 trésors immortels III pour seulement 29,99 USD.Ce bundle vous fait économiser 75 % sur la valeur totale des niveaux et trésors et contribue, à hauteur de 25 % du prix de vente, à la cagnotte de The International 10. Qui plus est, vous pouvez acheter jusqu’à deux bundles par personne.Le passe de bataille de The International 10 regorge de récompenses exceptionnelles, parmi lesquelles : le terrain « Sanctuaires divins » au niveau 160, le persona « Boucher en peluche » pour Pudge au niveau 255, le persona « La voie du disciple » pour Anti-Mage au niveau 305, l’Arcane « Le roi véritable » pour Wraith King au niveau 375, l’Arcane « Éminence de Ristul » pour Queen of Pain au niveau 445, l’Arcane « Boussole du cyclone naissant » pour Windranger au niveau 575 et l’Aegis de collection au niveau 1 000. Le bundle de niveaux de bataille est exactement ce dont vous avez besoin pour exploiter pleinement le potentiel du passe de bataille de cette année.Don't have a Steam account?  You can create an account for free.Sign in to view and browse your personalized Discovery QueueYou have finished your list for today, but if you're eager for more you can click below to generate another set.Sign in to view personalized recommendationsSpingiti ancora più in profondità nei meandri della linea delle ricompense del Pass Battaglia con il pacchetto di Livelli Battaglia, disponibile solo per un periodo limitato. Gli utenti del Pass Battaglia possono acquistare il pacchetto in sconto da ora fino a lunedì 29 giugno per sbloccare 120 Livelli Battaglia, 9 Tesori Immortali I, 6 Tesori Immortali II e 3 Tesori Immortali III per soli 29,99 $.Questo pacchetto consente di risparmiare il 75% del valore complessivo dei livelli e dei tesori in esso contenuti e contribuisce, con il 25% di ogni vendita, al montepremi del The International 10. Ogni cliente può acquistare fino a due pacchetti.Il Pass Battaglia del The International 10 è pieno zeppo di fantastiche ricompense: il terreno “Santuari Divini” al livello 160, il personaggio alternativo di Pudge “Macellaio giocattolo” al livello 155, il personaggio alternativo di Anti-Mage “La via del discepolo” al livello 305, l’oggetto arcano di Wraith King “L’Unico Vero Re” al livello 375, l’oggetto arcano per Queen of Pain “Eminenza di Ristul” al livello 445, l’oggetto arcano di Windranger “Guida della Burrasca Crescente” al livello 575, l’Egida da collezionista al livello 1000 e tanto altro. Il pacchetto di Livelli Battaglia è precisamente lo strumento necessario per scoprire tutto il potenziale del Pass Battaglia di quest’anno.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.Come sempre, il Workshop di Dota 2 si è arricchito di oggetti di altissima qualità per il Bottino del Collezionista di quest’anno. Come da praggi vorremmo invitare tutti i possessori del Pass Battaglia per contribuire al processo e aiutarci a completare la selezione finale.Da adesso fino a venerdì 12 giugno, i finalisti del Bottino del Collezionista saranno selezionati per l’anteprima sul client di Dota 2, dove tutti i giocatori potranno vedere l’intera serie di oggetti per un più facile confronto. I possessori del Pass Battaglia potranno dare un voto a ogni set proposto e i set con i punteggi più alti saranno inclusi come oggetti principali nel Bottino di quest’anno.Ringraziamo tutti gli artisti del Workshop che hanno contribuito con i loro oggetti e non vediamo l’ora di svelare la collezione più apprezzata dalla Comunità.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.Après avoir exploré le terrain de jeu du royaume des mortels pendant si longtemps, Akasha s’en est retournée à la sinistre cour de Ristul, où elle va mettre en œuvre de nouveaux plans diaboliques. Célébrez son accession au pouvoir grâce au tout nouveau bundle Arcane « Éminence de Ristul », maintenant disponible dans le passe de bataille de The International 10.Ce bundle Arcane comprend un nouveau modèle, de nouveaux items de base, de nouvelles animations, des effets personnalisés pour Sonic Wave et Blink, un effet de sacrifice personnalisé, des effets d’ambiance, une animation d’attaque au fouet pour les cibles au corps à corps, un sonomètre pour mesurer l’intensité du cri de Sonic Wave et plus de 500 nouvelles répliques exclusives. Torturez 1 000 héros avec Sonic Wave lors de vos victoires pour débloquer le style secondaire « Décret royal ».Laissez place à votre reine sur la page de la mise à jour « Éminence de Ristul ».We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.Il Pass Battaglia del The International è arrivato ed è pronto a riempire la tua estate con le epiche bardature di Dota e un forziere pieno fino al colmo di funzionalità, effetti e straordinarie ricompense stagionali. Per vedere tutti i contenuti, vai sul sito del Pass Battaglia.Sarai in grado di creare Gilde e intraprendere incarichi di gruppo, affrontare partite competitive giornaliere di Dota nella modalità Ondate di battaglia ed eliminare eroi nemici specifici per ottenere bonus speciali da cacciatore di taglie. Come ricompense, saranno disponibili molti premi: un terreno personalizzato, due personaggi alternativi che renderanno molto diverso l’aspetto di Pudge e Anti-Mage, tre nuovi oggetti Arcani per Wraith King, Queen of Pain e Windranger e tanto altro. La stagione più attesa di Dota ha inizio.Nota: gli oggetti Immortali del Pass Battaglia del The International 10 (inclusi quelli ultra rari) non potranno essere scambiati o venduti fino al termine del Pass Battaglia del The International 11. Fino a quel momento, ogni oggetto potrà essere donato una volta.Per quanto riguarda il The International in sé, continueremo a monitorare la situazione globale e annunceremo le nuove date quando saremo certi di essere in grado di offrire un torneo sicuro e senza compromessi per giocatori e fan. Come sempre, il 25% dei proventi del Pass Battaglia sarà immesso direttamente nel montepremi dell’evento.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.L’aggiornamento di oggi introduce una modifica al sistema dei ruoli classificati e sostituisce la separazione tra Core e Support con un singolo ruolo classificato che usa degli svantaggi per ognuno dei cinque ruoli classificati, i quali rappresentano la bravura del giocatore in ciascuna posizione. Questo cambiamento consentirà al sistema di ricerca di considerare più efficacemente la differenza nel livello di prestazioni di un giocatore a seconda del suo ruolo. Vincere o perdere le partite modificherà il tuo grado. Quando sei in coda per i ruoli in cui sei più bravo, il sistema di ricerca considererà il tuo MMR nella sua interezza. Quando sei in coda per i ruoli in cui sei meno bravo, invece, il sistema di ricerca ti posizionerà in partite dall’MMR più basso. Quando entri in una partita, verranno visualizzati i livelli modificati della medaglia che sono stati utilizzati per unirti agli altri giocatori. Indipendentemente dal ruolo per cui ti metti in coda e giochi, i risultati influiranno sul valore attuale del tuo MMR.Il tuo livello iniziale per ogni ruolo è calcolato in base ai tuoi valori MMR per Core/Support e in base all’analisi delle tue 100 partite precedenti. Puoi controllare il tuo ruolo attuale e gli aggiustamenti nel menu dei ruoli in coda. We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.Appena in tempo per spartirsi il posto d’onore con il capodanno lunare e l’anno del Topo, il Tesoro New Bloom è ora disponibile.Zeppo di set per Drow Ranger, Visage, Storm Spirit, Dazzle, Kunkka, Arc Warden, Dark Willow e Rubick, questo tesoro offre anche la possibilità di trovare un raro set per Puck, un set molto raro per Legion Commander o un rarissimo set per Templar Assassin.Questo tesoro, disponibile a un prezzo di 2,49 $ nel Negozio di Dota 2, può essere riscattato come regalo per completare la linea delle ricompense New bloom, che sblocca anche i festeggiamenti stagionali della Stagione dei Fiori di quest’anno e rotazioni regalabili della ruota delle ricompense.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.Dopo il TI10, il Dota Pro Circuit introdurrà un nuovo sistema per pianificare l’aspetto competitivo di Dota in maniera più coerente e organizzata durante l’anno e strutturare meglio lo sviluppo di squadre di livello 2 e 3.L’anno sarà diviso in 3 stagioni. Ogni stagione sarà composta da 6 leghe regionali, che culmineranno in un torneo Major con le migliori squadre del mondo. L’anno di Dota si concluderà, come sempre, con il The International.Ognuna delle sei leghe avrà a disposizione un montepremi di 280.000 dollari per stagione. Le leghe saranno suddivise in due divisioni: 8 in quella superiore e 8 in quella inferiore, per un totale di 96 squadre partecipanti da tutto il mondo. Dopo ogni stagione, le 2 squadre arrivate ultime nella divisione superiore si scambieranno con le prime due della divisione inferiore. Le ultime 2 squadre della divisione inferiore saranno eliminate dalla lega e rimpiazzate da 2 nuove squadre arrivate dalle qualificatorie aperte. In questo modo, col passare del tempo vedremo nuove squadre e nuovi giocatori entrare in scena. Crediamo che la coerenza e la regolarità della lega durante l’anno, insieme a una distribuzione equa e capillare del montepremi, porterà a una competizione sana e forte tra le squadre di livello 2/3.Le leghe dureranno sei settimane e ciascuna regione consisterà in un torneo in formato round-robin al meglio di 3 tra tutte le squadre. Per seguire facilmente la tua regione e le varie squadre, tutte le partite avverranno nelle stesse date e orari durante l’anno per ogni regione.Tutte le partite della divisione superiore verranno presentate da trasmissioni in studio. Le partite delle divisioni inferiori verranno mostrate su DotaTV.Ogni regione vedrà 3 giorni di competizione a settimana, con il seguente programma. Tutti gli orari sono in PST (orario costa ovest Stati uniti). Ogni slot rappresenta una serie al meglio di 3: Per la stagione inaugurale, sarà Valve a inserire le squadre iniziali nelle divisioni superiore e inferiore. Le squadre dovranno dichiarare (ed essere idonee per) la regione in cui intendono partecipare prima dell’inizio della stagione. Gli slot rimanenti saranno riempiti tramite le qualificatorie dopo la conclusione del The International 2020.
Perché una squadra possa qualificarsi per partecipare in una regione, 3 o più dei suoi giocatori devono risiedere nella zona in cui si svolge la competizione. Inoltre, le squadre potranno usare un sostituto in un massimo di 4 partite, purché il sostituto competa in una divisione inferiore oppure non competa affatto in una lega.Se una squadra decide di cambiare regione, dovrà entrare in quella regione tramite le qualificatorie aperte e salire di livello nella divisione inferiore della regione.Per tutta la durata di ogni stagione, dall’inizio della lega fino alla fine del Major, tutti i roster saranno bloccati. Dopo la conclusione del Major e fino all’inizio della stagione successiva, sarà possibile modificare il roster. Ogni cambio di giocatore sarà soggetto a una penalità del 15% sui punti correnti della sua squadra.La stagione si concluderà con un torneo Major tra 18 squadre di tutte le regioni, con in palio un montepremi di 500.000 $ oltre a punti DPC.Le 18 squadre partecipanti sono quelle nelle posizioni più alte di ogni divisione superiore regionale. Le regioni avranno una quantità fissa di slot nel corso dell’anno:Europa e Cina: 4 slot.
Nord America e Sud-est asiatico: 3 slot.
Comunità degli Stati Indipendenti e Sud America: 2 slot.Squadra jolly:
Formato: 6 squadre in un girone all’italiana al meglio delle due partite. Le due migliori squadre avanzano alla fase a gironi. Quattro squadre vengono eliminate.Lega Unione Europea – 3° posto.
Lega Unione Europea – 4° posto
Lega Cina – 3° posto
Lega Cina – 4° posto
Lega Nord America – 3° posto
Lega Sud-est asiatico – 3° posto.Fase a gironi:
Formato: 8 squadre in un girone all’italiana al meglio di due partite. Le due migliori squadre avanzano ai playoff della divisione superiore. Le squadre dal 3º al 6º posto avanzano ai playoff della divisione superiore. Due squadre vengono eliminate.Lega Unione Europea – 2° posto
Lega Cina – 2° posto
Lega Nord America – 2° posto
Lega Sud America – 2° posto
Lega Comunità degli Stati Indipendenti – 2° posto
Lega Sud-est asiatico – 2° posto
1° posto wildcard
2° posto wildcardPlayoff:
Formato: 12 squadre a doppia eliminazione.Girone superiore:
Lega Unione Europea – 1° posto
Lega Cina – 1° posto
Lega Sud-est asiatico – 1° posto
Lega Sud America – 1° posto
Lega Nord America – 1° posto
Lega Comunità degli Stati Indipendenti – 1° posto
Fase a gironi – 1° posto
Fase a gironi – 2° postoGirone inferiore:
Fase a gironi – 3° posto
Fase a gironi – 4° posto
Fase a gironi – 5° posto
Fase a gironi – 6° postoAlla fine della terza stagione, le 12 squadre con il più alto numero di punti DPC si qualificheranno per il The International 2021. I posti rimanenti saranno decisi tramite sei qualificatorie finali regionali a sorteggio, ciascuna con le 8 squadre migliori di ogni regione che non sono state invitate al The International. Il The International non avrà qualificatorie aperte.Le date per ogni stagione sono le seguenti:S1 Lega autunnale: 5 ottobre – 15 novembre
S1 Major: 7-19 dicembre
S2 Lega invernale: 4 gennaio – 14 febbraio
S2 Major: 8-20 marzo
S3 Lega primaverile: 12 aprile – 23 maggio
S3 Major: 21 giugno – 3 luglioLe date al di fuori di questo intervallo saranno disponibili per i tornei di terze parti.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.
							If you need customer service or technical support regarding Steam or Valve games, visit Steam Support at https://help.steampowered.com, where we can most efficiently direct your issue to the attention of the right team.						
										Click anywhere to close this.									
												We have sent your message. Thanks for getting in touch.											
										Click anywhere to close this.									We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.Sign in to add this item to your wishlist, follow it, or mark it as not interested
									Sign in to see reasons why you may or may not like this based on your games, friends, and curators you follow.
								ViolenceIncludes Poland: United and Ready DLC, Forum Avatar and Wallpapers
			Includes 5 items:
			Hearts of Iron IV: Cadet Edition, Hearts of Iron IV: Together For Victory, Hearts of Iron IV: Death or Dishonor, Hearts of Iron IV: Waking the Tiger, Hearts of Iron IV: Man the Guns					
			Includes 5 items:
			Europa Universalis IV, Stellaris, Hearts of Iron IV: Cadet Edition, Imperator: Rome, Crusader Kings II					“Hearts of Iron 4 wields complexity like a swift armor division during the blitzkrieg, allowing it to serve the idea of layered, cerebral, strategic warfare instead of letting it needlessly bog down the experience.”9/10 – IGN“It captivates me because—imperfectly, impressionistically, and perhaps a little amorally—it lets me orchestrate the most titanic armed struggles in history, from the fussy economic details to the cut-and-thrust of mechanized warfare. There are other great strategic-level wargames out there. But I have never played anything like Hearts of Iron 4”8.8/10 – PC Gamer“For now, after many dozens of hours, I'm taking a break from Hearts of Iron 4. Not because I'm sick of it; quite the contrary, in fact. What I need to do is some serious reading, some careful planning on what my vision for the United States should be in 1936. And when I've done that planning — when I've formulated my character sheet, as it were — I have the utmost confidence that Hearts of Iron 4 will be ready for me to play a role in world affairs.”8/10 – Polygonhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1348660/Hearts_of_Iron_IV_Battle_for_the_Bosporus/This is how you access your game book content. Paradox Interactive, HEARTS OF IRON® Copyright© [2016] Paradox Interactive AB All rights reserved. www.paradoxplaza.comYou can use this widget-maker to generate a bit of HTML that can be embedded in your website to easily allow customers to purchase this game on Steam.Enter up to 375 characters to add a description to your widget:Copy and paste the HTML below into your website to make the above widget appearSign in to add your own tags to this product.
						
							Sign In
						
					We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.Table of contents:
		This Steam Subscriber Agreement ("Agreement") is a legal document that explains your rights and obligations as a subscriber of Steam from Valve Corporation, a corporation under the laws of the State of Washington, with its registered office at 10400 NE 4th St., Bellevue, WA 98004, United States, registered with the Washington Secretary of State under number 60 22 90 773, VAT ID No. EU 8260 00671 ("Valve"). Please read it carefully.SECTION 11 CONTAINS A BINDING ARBITRATION AGREEMENT AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER. IT AFFECTS HOW DISPUTES ARE RESOLVED. PLEASE READ IT. IF YOU LIVE IN THE PROVINCE OF QUEBEC (CANADA) OR THE EUROPEAN UNION, SECTION 11 DOES NOT APPLY TO YOU.1. REGISTRATION AS A SUBSCRIBER; APPLICATION OF TERMS TO YOU; YOUR ACCOUNT  ⏶Steam is an online service offered by Valve.You become a subscriber of Steam ("Subscriber") by completing the registration of a Steam user account.  This Agreement takes effect as soon as you indicate your acceptance of these terms.  You may not become a subscriber if you are under the age of 13.  Steam is not intended for children under 13 and Valve will not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13.A. Contracting PartyFor any interaction with Steam your contractual relationship is with Valve. Except as otherwise indicated at the time of the transaction (such as in the case of purchases from another Subscriber in a Subscription Marketplace), any transactions for Subscriptions (as defined below) you make on Steam are being made from Valve.B. Subscriptions; Content and ServicesAs a Subscriber you may obtain access to certain services, software and content available to Subscribers.  The Steam client software and any other software, content, and updates you download or access via Steam, including but not limited to Valve or third-party video games and in-game content, software associated with Hardware and any virtual items you trade, sell or purchase in a Steam Subscription Marketplace are referred to in this Agreement as "Content and Services;" the rights to access and/or use any Content and Services accessible through Steam are referred to in this Agreement as "Subscriptions."Each Subscription allows you to access particular Content and Services.  Some Subscriptions may impose additional terms specific to that Subscription ("Subscription Terms") (for example, an end user license agreement specific to a particular game, or terms of use specific to a particular product or feature of Steam).  Also, additional terms (for example, payment and billing procedures) may be posted on http://www.steampowered.com or within the Steam service ("Rules of Use"). Rules of Use include the Steam Online Conduct Rules http://steampowered.com/index.php?area=online_conduct and the Steam Refund Policy http://store.steampowered.com/steam_refunds.  The Subscription Terms, the Rules of Use, and the Valve Privacy Policy (which can be found at http://www.valvesoftware.com/privacy.htm) are binding on you once you indicate your acceptance of them or of this Agreement, or otherwise become bound by them as described in Section 8 (Amendments to this Agreement).C. Your AccountWhen you complete Steam’s registration process, you create a Steam account ("Account"). Your Account may also include billing information you provide to Valve for the purchase of Subscriptions, Content and Services and any physical goods offered for purchase through Steam (“Hardware”). You may not reveal, share or otherwise allow others to use your password or Account except as otherwise specifically authorized by Valve. You are responsible for the confidentiality of your login and password and for the security of your computer system. Valve is not responsible for the use of your password and Account or for all of the communication and activity on Steam that results from use of your login name and password by you, or  by any person to whom you may have intentionally or by negligence disclosed your login and/or password in violation of this confidentiality provision. Unless it results from Valve’s negligence or fault, Valve is not responsible for the use of your Account by a person who fraudulently used your login and password without your permission. If you believe that the confidentiality of your login and/or password may have been compromised, you must notify Valve via the support form (https://support.steampowered.com/newticket.php) without any delay.Your Account, including any information pertaining to it (e.g.: contact information, billing information, Account history and Subscriptions, etc.), is strictly personal. You may therefore not sell or charge others for the right to use your Account, or otherwise transfer your Account, nor may you sell, charge others for the right to use, or transfer any Subscriptions other than if and as expressly permitted by this Agreement (including any Subscription Terms or Rules of Use) or as otherwise specifically permitted by Valve.D. Payment ProcessingPayment processing related to Content and Services and/or Hardware purchased on Steam is performed by either Valve Corporation directly or by Valve’s fully owned subsidiary Valve GmbH on behalf of Valve Corporation depending on the type of payment method used.  If your card was issued outside the United States, your payment may be processed via a European acquirer by Valve GmbH on behalf of Valve Corporation. For any other type of purchases, payment will be collected by Valve Corporation directly. In any case, delivery of Content and Services as well as Hardware is performed by Valve Corporation.2. LICENSES  ⏶A. General Content and Services LicenseSteam and your Subscription(s) require the download and installation of Content and Services onto your computer.  Valve hereby grants, and you accept, a non-exclusive license and right, to use the Content and Services for your personal, non-commercial use (except where commercial use is expressly allowed herein or in the applicable Subscription Terms). This license ends upon termination of (a) this Agreement or (b) a Subscription that includes the license.  The Content and Services are licensed, not sold. Your license confers no title or ownership in the Content and Services.  To make use of the Content and Services, you must have a Steam Account and you may be required to be running the Steam client and maintaining a connection to the Internet.  For reasons that include, without limitation, system security, stability, and multiplayer interoperability, Steam may need to automatically update, pre-load, create new versions of or otherwise enhance the Content and Services and accordingly, the system requirements to use the Content and Services may change over time. You consent to such automatic updating.  You understand that this Agreement (including applicable Subscription Terms) does not entitle you to future updates, new versions or other enhancements of the Content and Services associated with a particular Subscription, although Valve may choose to provide such updates, etc. in its sole discretion.B. Beta Software LicenseValve may from time to time make software accessible to you via Steam prior to the general commercial release of such software ("Beta Software"). You are not required to use Beta Software, but if Valve offers it, you may elect to use it under the following terms. Beta Software will be deemed to consist of Content and Services, and each item of Beta Software provided will be deemed a Subscription for such Beta Software, with the following provisions specific to Beta Software:
			C. License to Use Valve Developer ToolsYour Subscription(s) may include access to various Valve tools that can be used to create content ("Developer Tools").  Some examples include:  the Valve software development kit (the "SDK") for a version of the computer game engine known as "Source" (the "Source Engine") and the associated Valve Hammer editor, The Source® Filmmaker Software, or in-game tools through which you can edit or create derivative works of a Valve game.  Particular Developer Tools (for example, The Source® Filmmaker Software) may be distributed with separate Subscription Terms that are different from the rules set forth in this Section.  Except as set forth in any separate Subscription Terms applicable to the use of a particular Developer Tool, you may use the Developer Tools, and you may use, reproduce, publish, perform, display and distribute any content you create using the Developer Tools, however you wish, but solely on a non-commercial basis.If you would like to use the Source Engine SDK or other Valve Developer Tools for commercial use, please contact Valve at sourceengine@valvesoftware.com.D. License to Use Valve Game Content in Fan Art.Valve appreciates the community of Subscribers that creates fan art, fan fiction, and audio-visual works that reference Valve games ("Fan Art").  You may incorporate content from Valve games into your Fan Art.  Except as otherwise set forth in this Section or in any Subscription Terms, you may use, reproduce, publish, perform, display and distribute Fan Art that incorporates content from Valve games however you wish, but solely on a non-commercial basis.If you incorporate any third-party content in any Fan Art, you must be sure to obtain all necessary rights from the owner of that content.Commercial use of some Valve game content is permitted via features such as Steam Workshop or a Steam Subscription Marketplace.  Terms applicable to that use are set forth in Sections 3.D. and 6.B. below and in any Subscription Terms provided for those features.To view the Valve video policy containing additional terms covering the use of audio-visual works incorporating Valve intellectual property or created with The Source® Filmmaker Software, please click here: http://www.valvesoftware.com/videopolicy.htmlE. License to Use Valve Dedicated Server Software Your Subscription(s) may contain access to the Valve Dedicated Server Software. If so, you may use the Valve Dedicated Server Software on an unlimited number of computers for the purpose of hosting online multiplayer games of Valve products. If you wish to operate the Valve Dedicated Server Software, you will be solely responsible for procuring any Internet access, bandwidth, or hardware for such activities and will bear all costs associated with your use.F. Ownership of Content and ServicesAll title, ownership rights and intellectual property rights in and to the Content and Services and any and all copies thereof, are owned by Valve and/or its or its affiliates’ licensors. All rights are reserved, except as expressly stated herein. The Content and Services are protected by copyright laws, international copyright treaties and conventions and other laws. The Content and Services contain certain licensed materials and Valve’s and its affiliates’ licensors may protect their rights in the event of any violation of this Agreement.G. Restrictions on Use of Content and ServicesYou may not use the Content and Services for any purpose other than the permitted access to Steam and your Subscriptions, and to make personal, non-commercial use of your Subscriptions, except as otherwise permitted by this Agreement or applicable Subscription Terms.  Except as otherwise permitted under this Agreement (including any Subscription Terms or Rules of Use), or under applicable law notwithstanding these restrictions, you may not, in whole or in part, copy, photocopy, reproduce, publish, distribute, translate, reverse engineer, derive source code from, modify, disassemble, decompile, create derivative works based on, or remove any proprietary notices or labels from the Content and Services or any software accessed via Steam without the prior consent, in writing, of Valve.You are entitled to use the Content and Services for your own personal use, but you are not entitled to: (i) sell, grant a security interest in or transfer reproductions of the Content and Services to other parties in any way, nor to rent, lease or license the Content and Services to others without the prior written consent of Valve, except to the extent expressly permitted elsewhere in this Agreement (including any Subscription Terms or Rules of Use); (ii) host or provide matchmaking services for the Content and Services or emulate or redirect the communication protocols used by Valve in any network feature of the Content and Services, through protocol emulation, tunneling, modifying or adding components to the Content and Services, use of a utility program or any other techniques now known or hereafter developed, for any purpose including, but not limited to network play over the Internet, network play utilizing commercial or non-commercial gaming networks or as part of content aggregation networks, websites or services, without the prior written consent of Valve; or (iii) exploit the Content and Services or any of its parts for any commercial purpose, except as expressly permitted elsewhere in this Agreement (including any Subscription Terms or Rules of Use). 3. BILLING, PAYMENT AND OTHER SUBSCRIPTIONS  ⏶All charges incurred on Steam, and all purchases made with the Steam Wallet, are payable in advance and final, except as described in Sections 3.I and 7 below.A. Payment AuthorizationWhen you provide payment information to Valve or to one of its payment processors, you represent to Valve that you are the authorized user of the card, PIN, key or account associated with that payment, and you authorize Valve to charge your credit card or to process your payment with the chosen third-party payment processor for any Subscription, Steam Wallet funds, Hardware or other fees incurred by you. Valve may require you to provide your address or other information in order to meet its obligations under applicable tax law.  For Subscriptions purchased based on an agreed usage period, where recurring payments are made in exchange for continued use ("Recurring Payment Subscriptions"), by continuing to use the Recurring Payment Subscription you agree and reaffirm that Valve is authorized to charge your credit card (or your Steam Wallet, if funded), or to process your payment with any other applicable third-party payment processor, for any applicable recurring payment amounts. If you have purchased any Recurring Payment Subscriptions, you agree to notify Valve promptly of any changes to your credit card account number, its expiration date and/or your billing address, or your PayPal or other payment account number, and you agree to notify Valve promptly if your credit card or PayPal or other payment account expires or is cancelled for any reason.If your use of Steam is subject to any type of use or sales tax, then Valve may also charge you for those taxes, in addition to the Subscription or other fees published in the Rules of Use. The European Union VAT ("VAT") tax amounts collected by Valve reflect VAT due on the value of any Content and Services, Hardware or Subscription.You agree that you will not use IP proxying or other methods to disguise the place of your residence, whether to circumvent geographical restrictions on game content, to purchase at pricing not applicable to your geography, or for any other purpose.  If you do this, Valve may terminate your access to your Account.B. Responsibility for Charges Associated With Your AccountAs the Account holder, you are responsible for all charges incurred, including applicable taxes, and all purchases made by you or anyone that uses your Account, including your family or friends. If you cancel your Account, Valve reserves the right to collect fees, surcharges or costs incurred before cancellation. Any delinquent or unpaid Accounts must be settled before Valve will allow you to register again.C. Steam WalletSteam may make available an account balance associated with your Account (the "Steam Wallet").  The Steam Wallet is neither a bank account nor any kind of payment instrument. It functions as a prepaid balance to purchase Content and Services. You may place funds in your Steam Wallet up to a maximum amount determined by Valve, by credit card, prepaid card, promotional code, or any other payment method accepted by Steam.  Within any twenty-four (24) hour period, the total amount stored in your Steam Wallet plus the total amount spent out of your Steam Wallet, in the aggregate, may not exceed US$2,000 or its equivalent in your applicable local currency -- attempted deposits into your Steam Wallet that exceed this threshold may not be credited to your Steam Wallet until your activity falls below this threshold. Valve may change or impose different Steam Wallet balance and usage limits from time to time.You will be notified by e-mail of any change to the Steam Wallet balance and usage limits within sixty (60) days before the entry into force of the change. Your continued use of your Steam Account more than thirty (30) days after the entry into force of the changes will constitute your acceptance of the changes. If you don’t agree to the changes, your only remedy is to terminate your Steam Account or to cease use of your Steam Wallet. Valve shall not have any obligation to refund any credits remaining on your Steam Wallet in this case.You may use Steam Wallet funds to purchase Subscriptions, including by making in-game purchases where Steam Wallet transactions are enabled, and Hardware. Subject to Section 3.I, funds added to the Steam Wallet are non-refundable and non-transferable. Steam Wallet funds do not constitute a personal property right, have no value outside Steam and can only be used to purchase Subscriptions and related content via Steam (including but not limited to games and other applications offered through the Steam Store, or in a Steam Subscription Marketplace) and Hardware. Steam Wallet funds have no cash value and are not exchangeable for cash. Steam Wallet funds that are deemed unclaimed property may be turned over to the applicable authority.D. Trading and Sales of Subscriptions Between SubscribersSteam may include  one or more features or sites that allow Subscribers to trade, sell or purchase certain types of Subscriptions (for example, license rights to virtual items) with, to or from other Subscribers ("Subscription Marketplaces"). An example of a Subscription Marketplace is the Steam Community Market. By using or participating in Subscription Marketplaces, you authorize Valve, on its own behalf or as an agent or licensee of any third-party creator or publisher of the applicable Subscriptions in your Account, to transfer those Subscriptions from your Account in order to give effect to any trade or sale you make.Valve may charge a fee for trades or sales in a Subscription Marketplace.  Any fees will be disclosed to you prior to the completion of the trade or sale.If you complete a trade, sale or purchase in a Subscription Marketplace, you acknowledge and agree that you are responsible for taxes, if any, which may be due with respect to your transactions, including sales or use taxes, and for compliance with applicable tax laws.  Proceeds from sales you make in a Subscription Marketplace may be considered income to you for income tax purposes.  You should consult with a tax specialist to determine your tax liability in connection with your activities in any Subscription Marketplace.You understand and acknowledge that Valve may decide to cease operation of any Subscription Marketplace, change the fees that it charges or change the terms or features of the Steam Subscription Marketplace. Valve shall have no liability to you because of any inability to trade Subscriptions in the Steam Trading Marketplace, including because of discontinuation or changes in the terms, features or eligibility requirements of any Subscription Marketplace.You also understand and acknowledge that Subscriptions traded, sold or purchased in any Subscription Marketplace are license rights, that you have no ownership interest in such Subscriptions, and that Valve does not recognize any transfers of Subscriptions (including transfers by operation of law) that are made outside of Steam.E. Retail PurchaseValve may offer or require a Subscription for purchasers of retail packaged product versions or OEM versions of Valve products. The "CD-Key" or "Product Key" accompanying such versions is used to activate your Subscription.F. Steam Authorized ResellersYou may purchase a Subscription through an authorized reseller of Valve. The "Product Key" accompanying such purchase will be used to activate your Subscription. If you purchase a Subscription from an authorized reseller of Valve, you agree to direct all questions regarding the Product Key to that reseller.G. Free SubscriptionsIn some cases, Valve may offer a free Subscription to certain services, software and content. As with all Subscriptions, you are always responsible for any Internet service provider, telephone, and other connection fees that you may incur when using Steam, even when Valve offers a free Subscription.H. Third-Party SitesSteam may provide links to other third-party sites. Some of these sites may charge separate fees, which are not included in and are in addition to any Subscription or other fees that you may pay to Valve. Steam may also provide access to third-party vendors, who provide content, goods and/or services on Steam or the Internet. Any separate charges or obligations you incur in your dealings with these third parties are your responsibility. Valve makes no representations or warranties, either express or implied, regarding any third party site. In particular, Valve makes no representation or warranty that any service or subscription offered via third-party vendors will not change or be suspended or terminated.I. Refunds and Right of WithdrawalWithout prejudice to any statutory rights you may have, you can request a refund for your purchases on Steam in accordance with the terms of Valve’s Refund Policy http://store.steampowered.com/steam_refunds/.For European Union consumers:EU law provides a statutory right to withdraw from certain contracts for physical merchandise and for the purchase of digital content. You can find more information about the extent of your statutory right to withdraw and the ways you can exercise it on this page: https://support.steampowered.com/kb_article.php?ref=8620-QYAL-4516.4. ONLINE CONDUCT, CHEATING AND PROCESS TAMPERING  ⏶Your online conduct and interaction with other Subscribers should be guided by common sense and basic etiquette. They must notably comply with the Steam Online Conduct Rules, to be found at http://steampowered.com/index.php?area=online_conduct. Depending on terms of use imposed by third parties who host particular games or other services, additional requirements may also be provided in the Subscription Terms applicable to a particular Subscription.Steam and the Content and Services may include functionality designed to identify software or hardware processes or functionality that may give a player an unfair competitive advantage when playing multiplayer versions of any Content and Services or modifications of Content and Services ("Cheats"). You agree that you will not create Cheats or assist third parties in any way to create or use Cheats. You agree that you will not directly or indirectly disable, circumvent, or otherwise interfere with the operation of software designed to prevent or report the use of Cheats.You agree that you will not tamper with the execution of Steam or Content and Services unless otherwise authorized by Valve. You acknowledge and agree that either Valve or any host of an online multiplayer game distributed through Steam ("External Host") may refuse to allow you to participate in certain online multiplayer games if you use Cheats or tamper with the execution of Steam or the Content and Services.Further, you acknowledge and agree that External Hosts may report your use of Cheats or unauthorized process tampering to Valve, and Valve may communicate your history of use thereof to External Hosts within the boundaries of the Steam Privacy Policy.Valve may terminate your Account or a particular Subscription for any conduct or activity that is illegal, constitutes a Cheat, or otherwise negatively affects the enjoyment of Steam by other Subscribers. You acknowledge that Valve is not required to provide you notice before terminating your Subscription(s) and/or Account.You may not use Cheats, automation software (bots), mods, hacks, or any other unauthorized third-party software, to modify or automate any Subscription Marketplace process or the process of Steam account creation.5. THIRD-PARTY CONTENT  ⏶In regard to all Subscriptions, Content and Services that are not authored by Valve, Valve does not screen such third-party content available on Steam or through other sources. Valve assumes no responsibility or liability for such third party content.  Some third-party application software is capable of being used by businesses for business purposes - however, you may only acquire such software via Steam for private personal use.6. USER GENERATED CONTENT  ⏶A. General Provisions Steam provides interfaces and tools for you to be able to generate content and make it available to other users and/or to Valve at your sole discretion. "User Generated Content" means any content you make available to other users through your use of multi-user features of Steam, or to Valve or its affiliates through your use of the Content and Services or otherwise.When you upload your content to Steam to make it available to other users and/or to Valve, you grant Valve and its affiliates the worldwide, non-exclusive right to use, reproduce, modify, create derivative works from, distribute, transmit, transcode, translate, broadcast, and otherwise communicate, and publicly display and publicly perform, your User Generated Content, and derivative works of your User Generated Content, for the purpose of the operation, distribution, incorporation as part of and promotion of the Steam service, Steam games or other Steam offerings, including Subscriptions. This license is granted to Valve as the content is uploaded on Steam for the entire duration of the intellectual property rights. It may be terminated if Valve is in breach of the license and has not cured such breach within fourteen (14) days from receiving notice from you sent to the attention of the Valve Legal Department at the applicable Valve address noted on this Privacy Policy page. The termination of said license does not affect the rights of any sub-licensees pursuant to any sub-license granted by Valve prior to termination of the license. Valve is the sole owner of the derivative works created by Valve from your User Generated Content, and is therefore entitled to grant licenses on these derivative works.  If you use Valve cloud storage, you grant us a license to store your information as part of that service.  Valve may place limits on the amount of storage you may use.If you provide Valve with any feedback or suggestions about Steam, the Content and Services, or any Valve products, Hardware or services, Valve is free to use the feedback or suggestions however it chooses, without any obligation to account to you.B. Content Uploaded to the Steam WorkshopSome games or applications available on Steam ("Workshop-Enabled Apps") allow you to create User Generated Content based on or using the Workshop-Enabled App, and to submit that User Generated Content (a “Workshop Contribution”) to one or more Steam Workshop web pages.  Workshop Contributions can be viewed by the Steam community,  and for some categories of Workshop Contributions users may be able to interact with, download or purchase the Workshop Contribution.  In some cases, Workshop Contributions may be considered for incorporation by Valve or a third-party developer into a game or into a Subscription Marketplace.You understand and agree that Valve is not obligated to use, distribute, or continue to distribute copies of any Workshop Contribution and reserves the right, but not the obligation, to restrict or remove Workshop Contributions for any reason.Specific Workshop-Enabled Apps or Workshop web pages may contain special terms (“App-Specific Terms”) that supplement or change the terms set out in this Section.  In particular, where Workshop Contributions are distributed for a fee, App-Specific Terms will address how revenue may be shared.  Unless otherwise specified in App-Specific Terms (if any), the following general rules apply to Workshop Contributions.
			Except where otherwise provided in App-Specific Terms, you agree that Valve’s consideration of your Workshop Contribution is your full compensation, and you are not entitled to any other rights or compensation in connection with the rights granted to Valve and to other Subscribers.C. Promotions and EndorsementsIf you use Steam services (e.g. the Steam Curators’ Lists or the Steam Broadcasting service) to promote or endorse a product, service or event in return for any kind of consideration from a third party (including non-monetary rewards such as free games), you must clearly indicate the source of such consideration to your audience.D. Representations and WarrantiesYou represent and warrant to us that you have sufficient rights in all User Generated Content to grant Valve and other affected parties the licenses described under A. and B. above or in any license terms specific to the applicable Workshop-Enabled App or Workshop page. This includes, without limitation, any kind of intellectual property rights or other proprietary or personal rights affected by or included in the User Generated Content.  In particular, with respect to Workshop Contributions, you represent and warrant that the Workshop Contribution was originally created by you (or, with respect to a Workshop Contribution to which others contributed besides you, by you and the other contributors, and in such case that you have the right to submit such Workshop Contribution on behalf of those other contributors). You furthermore represent and warrant that the User Generated Content, your submission of that Content, and your granting of rights in that Content does not violate any applicable contract, law or regulation.7. DISCLAIMERS; LIMITATION OF LIABILITY; NO GUARANTEES; LIMITED WARRANTY & AGREEMENT  ⏶THIS SECTION 7 DOES NOT APPLY TO EU SUBSCRIBERS.
			Prior to acquiring a Subscription, you should consult the product information made available on Steam, including Subscription description, minimum technical requirements, and user reviews.A. DISCLAIMERSTO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, VALVE AND ITS AFFILIATES AND SERVICE PROVIDERS EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM (I) ANY WARRANTY FOR STEAM, THE CONTENT AND SERVICES, AND THE SUBSCRIPTIONS, AND (II) ANY COMMON LAW DUTIES WITH REGARD TO STEAM, THE CONTENT AND SERVICES, AND THE SUBSCRIPTIONS, INCLUDING DUTIES OF LACK OF NEGLIGENCE AND LACK OF WORKMANLIKE EFFORT. STEAM, THE CONTENT AND SERVICES, THE SUBSCRIPTIONS, AND ANY INFORMATION AVAILABLE IN CONNECTION THEREWITH ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS, "WITH ALL FAULTS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NONINFRINGEMENT. ANY WARRANTY AGAINST INFRINGEMENT THAT MAY BE PROVIDED IN SECTION 2-312 OF THE UNITED STATES UNIFORM COMMERCIAL CODE AND/OR IN ANY OTHER COMPARABLE STATE STATUTE IS EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMED. ALSO, THERE IS NO WARRANTY OF TITLE, NON-INTERFERENCE WITH YOUR ENJOYMENT, OR AUTHORITY IN CONNECTION WITH STEAM, THE CONTENT AND SERVICES, THE SUBSCRIPTIONS, OR INFORMATION AVAILABLE IN CONNECTION THEREWITH.ANY WARRANTY AGAINST INFRINGEMENT THAT MAY BE PROVIDED IN SECTION 2-312 OF THE UNITED STATES UNIFORM COMMERCIAL CODE IS EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMED.B. LIMITATION OF LIABILITYTO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, NEITHER VALVE, ITS LICENSORS, NOR THEIR AFFILIATES, NOR ANY OF VALVE’S SERVICE PROVIDERS, SHALL BE LIABLE IN ANY WAY FOR LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE STEAM, YOUR ACCOUNT, YOUR SUBSCRIPTIONS AND THE CONTENT AND SERVICES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOSS OF GOODWILL, WORK STOPPAGE, COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION, OR ANY AND ALL OTHER COMMERCIAL DAMAGES OR LOSSES. IN NO EVENT WILL VALVE BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, OR ANY OTHER DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH STEAM, THE CONTENT AND SERVICES, THE SUBSCRIPTIONS, AND ANY INFORMATION AVAILABLE IN CONNECTION THEREWITH, OR THE DELAY OR INABILITY TO USE THE CONTENT AND SERVICES, SUBSCRIPTIONS OR ANY INFORMATION, EVEN IN THE EVENT OF VALVE’S OR ITS AFFILIATES’ FAULT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY, OR BREACH OF VALVE’S WARRANTY AND EVEN IF IT HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THESE LIMITATIONS AND LIABILITY EXCLUSIONS APPLY EVEN IF ANY REMEDY FAILS TO PROVIDE ADEQUATE RECOMPENSE. BECAUSE SOME STATES OR JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR THE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, IN SUCH STATES OR JURISDICTIONS, EACH OF VALVE, ITS LICENSORS, AND ITS AFFILIATES’ LIABILITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.C. NO GUARANTEESTO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, NEITHER VALVE NOR ITS AFFILIATES GUARANTEE CONTINUOUS, ERROR-FREE, VIRUS-FREE OR SECURE OPERATION AND ACCESS TO STEAM, THE CONTENT AND SERVICES, YOUR ACCOUNT AND/OR YOUR SUBSCRIPTION(S) OR ANY INFORMATION AVAILABLE IN CONNECTION THEREWITH.D. LIMITED WARRANTY & AGREEMENTCERTAIN HARDWARE PURCHASED FROM VALVE IS SUBJECT TO A LIMITED WARRANTY & AGREEMENT, [OR DEPENDING ON YOUR LOCATION, A STATUTORY WARRANTY] WHICH IS DESCRIBED IN DETAIL HERE.8. AMENDMENTS TO THIS AGREEMENT  ⏶PLEASE NOTE: If you are a consumer with place of residence in Germany, a different version of Section 8 applies to you, which is available here.A. Mutual AmendmentThis Agreement may at any time be mutually amended by your explicit consent to changes proposed by Valve.B. Unilateral AmendmentFurthermore, Valve may amend this Agreement (including any Subscription Terms or Rules of Use) unilaterally at any time in its sole discretion. In this case, you will be notified by e-mail of any amendment to this Agreement made by Valve at least 30 (30) days before the effective date of the amendment. You can view the Agreement at any time at http://www.steampowered.com/. Your failure to cancel your Account prior to the effective date of the amendment will constitute your acceptance of the amended terms. If you don’t agree to the amendments or to any of the terms in this Agreement, your only remedy is to cancel your Account or to cease use of the affected Subscription(s). Valve shall not have any obligation to refund any fees that may have accrued to your Account before cancellation of your Account or cessation of use of any Subscription, nor shall Valve have any obligation to prorate any fees in such circumstances.9. TERM AND TERMINATION  ⏶A. TermThe term of this Agreement (the "Term") commences on the date you first indicate your acceptance of these terms, and will continue in effect until otherwise terminated in accordance with this Agreement.B. Termination by YouYou may cancel your Account at any time.  You may cease use of a Subscription at any time or, if you choose, you may request that Valve terminate your access to a Subscription.  However, Subscriptions are not transferable, and even if your access to a Subscription for a particular game or application is terminated, the original activation key will not be able to be registered to any other account, even if the Subscription was obtained in a retail store.  Access to Subscriptions purchased as a part of a pack or bundle cannot be terminated individually, termination of access to one game within the bundle will result in termination of access to all games purchased in the pack.  Your cancellation of an Account, or your cessation of use of any Subscription or request that access to a Subscription be terminated, will not entitle you to any refund, including of any Subscription fees.  Valve reserves the right to collect fees, surcharges or costs incurred prior to the cancellation of your Account or termination of your access to a particular Subscription. In addition, you are responsible for any charges incurred to third-party vendors or content providers before your cancellation. C. Termination by ValveValve may cancel your Account or any particular Subscription(s) at any time in the event that (a) Valve ceases providing such Subscriptions to similarly situated Subscribers generally, or (b) you breach any terms of this Agreement (including any Subscription Terms or Rules of Use). In the event that your Account or a particular Subscription is terminated or cancelled by Valve for a violation of this Agreement or improper or illegal activity, no refund, including of any Subscription fees or of any unused funds in your Steam Wallet, will be granted.D. Survival of TermsSections 2.C., 2.D., 2.F., 2.G., 3.A., 3.B., 3.D., 3.H., and 5 - 12 will survive any expiration or termination of this Agreement.10. APPLICABLE LAW/MEDIATION/JURISDICTION/ATTORNEYS’ FEES  ⏶For All Customers Outside the European Union:You and Valve agree that this Agreement shall be deemed to have been made and executed in the State of Washington, U.S.A., and Washington law, excluding conflict of laws principles and the Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods, governs all claims arising out of or relating to: (i) any aspect of the relationship between us; (ii) this Agreement; or (iii) your use of Steam, your Account or the Content and Services; except that the U.S. Federal Arbitration Act governs arbitration as far as your country’s laws permit. Subject to Section 11 (Dispute Resolution/Binding Arbitration/Class Action Waiver) below, you and Valve agree that any claim asserted in any legal proceeding shall be commenced and maintained exclusively in any state or federal court located in King County, Washington, having subject matter jurisdiction. You and Valve hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts. In any dispute arising out of or relating to this Agreement, your use of Steam, your account, or the Content and Services, the prevailing party will be entitled to attorneys’ fees and expenses (except arbitration -- see Section 11.C.)For EU Customers:In the event of a dispute relating to the interpretation, the performance or the validity of the Subscriber Agreement, an amicable solution will be sought before any legal action. You can file your complaint at http://help.steampowered.com. In case of failure, you may, within one year of the failed request, have recourse to an Alternative Dispute Resolution procedure by filing an online complaint on the European Commission’s Online Dispute Resolution website:  https://webgate.ec.europa.eu/odr/main/index.cfm?event=main.home.chooseLanguage.In the event that out-of-court dispute resolutions fail, the dispute may be brought before the competent courts.11. DISPUTE RESOLUTION/BINDING ARBITRATION/CLASS ACTION WAIVER  ⏶This Section 11 shall apply to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law. IN PARTICULAR, IF YOU LIVE IN THE PROVINCE OF QUEBEC (CANADA) OR THE EUROPEAN UNION, THIS SECTION 11 DOES NOT APPLY TO YOU.Most user concerns can be resolved by use of our Steam support site at https://support.steampowered.com/. If Valve is unable to resolve your concerns and a dispute remains between you and Valve, this Section explains how the parties have agreed to resolve it.A. Must Arbitrate All Claims Except IP, Unauthorized Use, Piracy, or TheftYOU AND VALVE AGREE TO RESOLVE ALL DISPUTES AND CLAIMS BETWEEN US IN INDIVIDUAL BINDING ARBITRATION. THAT INCLUDES, BUT IS NOT LIMITED TO, ANY CLAIMS ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO: (i) ANY ASPECT OF THE RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN US; (ii) THIS AGREEMENT; OR (iii) YOUR USE OF STEAM, YOUR ACCOUNT, HARDWARE OR THE CONTENT AND SERVICES. IT APPLIES REGARDLESS OF WHETHER SUCH CLAIMS ARE BASED IN CONTRACT, TORT, STATUTE, FRAUD, UNFAIR COMPETITION, MISREPRESENTATION OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, AND INCLUDES ALL CLAIMS BROUGHT ON BEHALF OF ANOTHER PARTY.However, this Section 11 does not apply to the following types of claims or disputes, which you or Valve may bring in any court with jurisdiction: (i) claims of infringement or other misuse of intellectual property rights, including such claims seeking injunctive relief; and (ii) claims related to or arising from any alleged unauthorized use, piracy, or theft.This Section 11 does not prevent you from bringing your dispute to the attention of any federal, state, or local government agencies that can, if the law allows, seek relief from us for you.An arbitration is a proceeding before a neutral arbitrator, instead of before a judge or jury. Arbitration is less formal than a lawsuit in court, and provides more limited discovery. It follows different rules than court proceedings, and is subject to very limited review by courts. The arbitrator will issue a written decision and provide a statement of reasons if requested by either party. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT YOU AND VALVE ARE GIVING UP THE RIGHT TO SUE IN COURT AND TO HAVE A TRIAL BEFORE A JUDGE OR JURY.B. Try to Resolve Dispute Informally FirstYou and Valve agree to make reasonable, good faith efforts to informally resolve any dispute before initiating arbitration. A party who intends to seek arbitration must first send the other a written notice that describes the nature and basis of the claim or dispute and sets forth the relief sought. If you and Valve do not reach an agreement to resolve that claim or dispute within 30 days after the notice is received, you or Valve may commence an arbitration. Written notice to Valve must be sent via postal mail to: ATTN: Arbitration Notice, Valve Corporation, P.O. Box 1688, Bellevue, WA 98004. C. Arbitration Rules and FeesThe U.S. Federal Arbitration Act applies to this Section 11 as far as your country’s laws permit. The arbitration will be governed by the Consumer Arbitration Rules (or the Commercial Arbitration Rules, if the Consumer Arbitration rules are inapplicable) of the American Arbitration Association ("AAA") as modified by this Agreement. Rules are available at http://www.adr.org. The arbitrator is bound by the terms of this Agreement. The AAA will administer the arbitration. Outside the U.S., Valve will select a neutral arbitration provider that uses these or similar rules. It may be conducted through the submission of documents, by phone, or in person in the county where you live or at another mutually agreed location.If you seek $10,000 or less, Valve agrees to promptly reimburse your filing fee and your share if any of AAA’s arbitration costs, including arbitrator compensation, unless the arbitrator determines your claims are frivolous or were filed for harassment. Valve agrees not to seek its attorneys’ fees or costs unless the arbitrator determines your claims are frivolous or were filed for harassment. If you seek more than $10,000 and the AAA Consumer Arbitration Rules do not apply, the AAA’s arbitration costs, including arbitrator compensation, will be split between you and Valve according to the AAA Commercial Arbitration Rules.D. Individual Binding Arbitration OnlyYOU AND VALVE AGREE NOT TO BRING OR PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION, PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL ACTION, WHISTLE BLOWER ACTION, OR CLASS, COLLECTIVE, OR REPRESENTATIVE ARBITRATION, EVEN IF AAA’s RULES WOULD OTHERWISE ALLOW ONE. THE ARBITRATOR MAY AWARD RELIEF ONLY IN FAVOR OF THE INDIVIDUAL PARTY SEEKING RELIEF AND ONLY TO THE EXTENT OF THAT PARTY’S INDIVIDUAL CLAIM. You and Valve also agree not to seek to combine any action or arbitration with any other action or arbitration without the consent of all parties to this Agreement and all other actions or arbitrations.This Agreement does not permit class, collective, or representative arbitration. A court has exclusive authority to rule on any assertion that it does.E. What Happens if Part of Section 11 Is Found Illegal or UnenforceableIf any part of Section 11 (Dispute Resolution/Binding Arbitration/Class Action Waiver) is found to be illegal or unenforceable, the rest will remain in effect (with an arbitration award issued before any court proceeding begins), except that if a finding of partial illegality or unenforceability would allow class, collective, or representative arbitration, all of Section 11 will be unenforceable and the claim or dispute will be resolved in court.12. MISCELLANEOUS  ⏶Except as otherwise expressly set forth in this Agreement, in the event that any provision of this Agreement shall be held by an arbitrator, court, or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be illegal or unenforceable, such provision will be enforced to the maximum extent permissible and the remaining portions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. Section 11.E. governs if some parts of Section 11 (Dispute Resolution/Binding Arbitration/Class Action Waiver) are held to be illegal or unenforceable. This Agreement, including any Subscription Terms, Rules of Use, the Valve Privacy Policy, and the Valve Hardware Limited Warranty Policy, constitutes and contains the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes any prior oral or written agreements. You agree that this Agreement is not intended to confer and does not confer any rights or remedies upon any person other than the parties to this Agreement.Valve’s obligations are subject to existing laws and legal process and Valve may comply with law enforcement or regulatory requests or requirements notwithstanding any contrary term.You agree to comply with all applicable import/export laws and regulations. You agree not to export the Content and Services or Hardware or allow use of your Account by individuals of any terrorist supporting countries to which encryption exports are at the time of exportation restricted by the U.S. Bureau of Export Administration. You represent and warrant that you are not located in, under the control of, or a national or resident of any such prohibited country.This Agreement was last updated on August 28th, 2020 ("Revision Date"). If you were a Subscriber before the Revision Date, it replaces your existing agreement with Valve or Valve SARL on the day that it becomes effective according to Section 8 above.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.
						We're seeking collaborators who are the best at what they do. Opportunities at Valve run broad and deep across the following areas, where we're always hiring for all positions.					
						We're seeking collaborators who are the best at what they do. Opportunities at Valve run broad and deep across the following areas, where we're always hiring for all positions.					Sign in to view and browse your personalized Discovery QueueYou have finished your list for today, but if you're eager for more you can click below to generate another set.Sign in to view personalized recommendationsWe see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.อีเมล Steam Guard จะถูกส่งไปยังที่อยู่อีเมลล่าสุดที่ลงทะเบียนสำหรับบัญชี Steam ของคุณหากคุณไม่สามารถรับอีเมล Steam Guard:สำหรับข้อมูลเพิ่มเติมเกี่ยวกับ Steam Guard โปรดเยี่ยมชม หน้าฝ่ายสนับสนุน Steam Guard Everyone is invited! The Steam discussions are for everyone, new and advanced user alike!Searching is key! Before you post a question, use the forum search feature to determine whether your topic has already been covered.Do not start flame wars! If someone has engaged in behavior that is a detriment to the message board -- spamming, flaming people, etc -- contact one of the forum moderators or report the post. Flaming the offensive user will only increase the problem. Harassment is not tolerated.Sign in to view and browse your personalized Discovery QueueYou have finished your list for today, but if you're eager for more you can click below to generate another set.Sign in to view personalized recommendationsAls je Steam-account is gestolen of gekaapt, moet je, voordat je je account herstelt, onderstaande stappen eerst voltooien om te verzekeren dat je account niet opnieuw wordt gestolen.Virussen, key loggers, spyware en andere schadelijke code kunnen je Steam-accountnaam en wachtwoord stelen. Voordat je het wachtwoord van je Steam-account opnieuw instelt, moet je virus- en spywarescanners laten lopen om ervoor te zorgen dat dergelijke programma's niet op jouw computer staan.Steam-accounts worden vaak gecompromitteerd nadat een bijbehorend e-mailadres gecompromitteerd is. Het wijzigen van je wachtwoord op je e-mailaccount zal er voor zorgen dat een kaper niet nogmaals je Steam-account kan stelen, of de hulp van Steam Support kan belemmeren.Geef nooit je Steam-accountwachtwoord aan een vriend of andere individuen die ernaar vragen. Steam Support-medewerkers zullen nooit je wachtwoord vragen.
		Voer je wachtwoord alleen in op officiële Steam-websites, zoals steampowered.com en steamcommunity.com. Deze pagina's bevatten een EV-certificaat (uitgebreid gevalideerd SSL-certificaat) waarbij de meeste recente browsers met de laatste updates een groene tekst of markering in de adresbalk met "Valve Corporation [US]" laten zien.Als je vermoedt dat een website die om je inloggegevens vraagt geen officiële Steam-website is, negeer de aanvraag dan en vul geen gegevens op die website in.Je kunt aanvullende informatie vinden over de beveiliging van je account en bescherming tegen accountkapingen en -phishing door de aanbevelingen voor accountbeveiliging van Steam Support te bezoeken.Eens je zeker bent dat zowel de computer die je gebruikt als je e-mailaccount veilig zijn, kan je jouw Steam-account herstellen door je wachtwoord te wijzigen.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.E-poster fra Steam Guard sendes til den forrige e-postadressen som er registrert på Steam-kontoen.Hvis du ikke mottar e-post fra Steam Guard:Gå til støttesiden til Steam Guard for mer informasjon om Steam Guard.Steam-Guard-E-Mails werden an die aktuell mit Ihrem Steam-Account verknüpfte E-Mail-Adresse gesandt.Falls Sie keine Steam-Guard-E-Mails erhalten:Weitere Informationen zum Thema Steam Guard finden Sie auf der Steam-Guard-Supportseite.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.Om ditt Steam-konto har stulits eller kapats, bör du slutföra stegen nedan innan du återställer ditt konto för att se till att kontot inte stjäls igen.Virus, keyloggers, spionprogram och andra skadliga program kan stjäla ditt kontonamn och lösenord till Steam. Innan du återställer ditt Steam-kontos lösenord, bör du scanna efter virus och spionprogram för att se till att sådana program inte finns på din dator.Steam-konton kapas ofta i och med att en tillhörande e-postadress kapats. Att byta lösenord på ditt e-postkonto kommer säkerställa att en kapare inte kan stjäla ditt Steam-konto en andra gång, eller påverka hjälp från Steam Support.Ge aldrig ut ditt Steam-kontos lösenord till en vän eller andra individer som frågar efter det. Steam Support kommer aldrig fråga efter ditt lösenord.
		Använd bara ditt lösenord på officiella Steam-hemsidor, som steampowered.com och steamcommunity.com. Dessa sidor inkluderar en Extended Validation SSL-certifikat, vilket de flesta moderna webbläsare identifierar med grön text eller en grön markering i adressfältet med "Valve Corporation [US]" nära adressen.Om du misstänker att en sida som frågar efter dina inloggningsuppgifter inte är en officiell Steam-sida, ignorera den och låt bli att ange dina inloggningsuppgifter.Du kan hitta mer information om hur man säkrar sitt konto och skyddar sig mot kontokapning och nätfiske genom att läsa Steam Supports rekommendationer om kontosäkerhet.När du är säker att både datorn och e-postkontot du använder är säkra, kan du återställa ditt Steam-konto genom att byta lösenord.E-mails fra Steam Guard sendes til din Steam-kontos sidst registrerede e-mailadresse.Hvis du ikke modtager e-mails fra Steam Guard:For flere oplysninger om Steam Guard så besøg venligst Steam Guard-supportsiden.Если ваш аккаунт Steam украли или взломали, то до его восстановления вам необходимо выполнить действия, указанные ниже, иначе аккаунт может быть похищен повторно.Вирусы, кейлоггеры и другие вредоносные программы могут украсть имя и пароль аккаунта Steam. Перед восстановлением пароля необходимо проверить компьютер на наличие вирусов и другого вредоносного ПО и удалить их.Как правило, кража аккаунта Steam происходит после того, как был взломан привязанный к нему адрес электронной почты. Изменив ее пароль, вы сможете предотвратить повторную кражу аккаунта или вмешательство взломщика в процесс восстановления аккаунта службой поддержки Steam.Никогда не раскрывайте пароль аккаунта Steam друзьям или другим людям, которые хотят его узнать. Поддержка Steam никогда не потребует ваш пароль.
		Вводите ваш пароль только на официальных сайтах Steam — например, steampowered.com или steamcommunity.com. Эти страницы используют сертификаты с расширенной проверкой SSL. У большинства современных браузеров на таких страницах адресная строка подсвечивается зеленым цветом, а рядом появляется надпись «Valve Corporation [US]».Если у вас возникли подозрения, что сайт, который запросил ваш логин и пароль, не является официальным, не вводите никакие данные и покиньте его.Вы можете найти дополнительную информацию о том, как защитить свой аккаунт от взлома и фишинга, посетив статью с рекомендациями по обеспечению безопасности аккаунта.Когда вы будете уверены, что компьютер, которым вы пользуетесь, и ваша электронная почта не находятся под угрозой, вы сможете восстановить свой аккаунт Steam, сменив его пароль.Email từ Steam Guard sẽ được gửi tới địa chỉ email mới nhất được đăng kí với tài khoản của bạn.Nếu bạn không nhận được email từ Steam Guard:Để có thêm thông tin về Steam Guard, vui lòng tham khảo trang hỗ trợ Steam Guard.Everyone is invited! The Steam discussions are for everyone, new and advanced user alike!Searching is key! Before you post a question, use the forum search feature to determine whether your topic has already been covered.Do not start flame wars! If someone has engaged in behavior that is a detriment to the message board -- spamming, flaming people, etc -- contact one of the forum moderators or report the post. Flaming the offensive user will only increase the problem. Harassment is not tolerated.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.Dacă propriul cont de Steam a fost furat sau spart, ar trebui să parcurgi pașii de mai jos înainte să îți recuperezi contul, pentru a ne asigura că acest cont nu este furat din nou.Virușii, key loggerele, spyware-ul și alte programe similare îți pot fura numele și parola contului Steam. Înainte să resetezi parola contului tău Steam, ar trebui să scanezi calculatorul de viruși și spyware pentru a te asigura că astfel de programe nu sunt prezente în computerul tău.De obicei, conturile Steam sunt compromise după ce o adresă de e-mail asociată este compromisă. Schimbarea parolei contului tău de e-mail va asigura faptul că hoțul nu-ți va mai fura contul o a doua oară sau interfera cu ajutorul din partea asistenței Steam.Nu da niciodată parola contului tău Steam unui prieten sau altor persoane care solicită asta. Reprezentanții Asistenței Steam nu îți vor cere niciodată parola.
		Introdu parola doar pe site-urile web oficiale Steam, precum steampowered.com și steamcommunity.com. Aceste pagini vor include un certificat SSL cu validare extinsă, pe care majoritatea browserelor moderne actualizate îl identifică cu un text verde sau o evidențiere verde în bara de adresă cu "Valve Corporation [US]" lângă adresă.Dacă suspectezi că un site care îți cere date de autentificare nu aparține oficial de Steam, nu introduce acolo nicio informație personală și ignoră-l.Poți găsi informații adiționale despre cum să îți securizezi contul și să ți-l protejezi împotriva furtului vizitând Recomandări de securitate pentru cont din partea Asistenței Steam.Odată ce te asiguri că ai un calculator și un cont de e-mail securizate, poți să-ți recuperezi contul Steam prin schimbarea parolei.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.Steam Guard emails are sent to the last email address registered for your Steam account.If you are not receiving Steam Guard emails:For more information about Steam Guard, please visit the Steam Guard Support page.E-mails do Steam Guard são enviados para o último endereço registado na tua conta Steam.Se não estiveres a receber e-mails do Steam Guard:Para mais informações sobre o Steam Guard, consulta a página de apoio do Steam Guard.A Steam Guard e-mailek a Steam fiókodra legutóbb regisztrált e-mail-címre lesznek küldve.Ha nem kapod meg a Steam Guard e-maileket:További információért a Steam Guardról látogasd meg a Steam Guard támogatási oldalt.Hvis din Steam-konto er blevet stjålet eller hijacked, så bør du gennemgå trinnene nedenfor, før du gendanner din konto, for at sikre, at kontoen ikke bliver stjålet igen.Virusser, keyloggers, spyware og anden skadelig kode kan stjæle dit Steam-kontonavn og din adgangskode. Før du nulstiller din Steam-kontos adgangskode bør du køre virus- og spyware-skannere for at sikre, at disse programmer ikke befinder sig på din computer.Steam-konti kompromitteres ofte efter en tilknyttet e-mailadresse er blevet hacket. Skift adgangskoden til din e-mailkonto for at sikre at en hijacker ikke kan stjæle din Steam-konto en anden gang, eller forstyrre evt. hjælp fra Steam Support.Giv aldrig din Steam-kontoadgangskode til en ven eller andre, der beder om den. Repræsentanter fra Steam Support vil aldrig spørge efter din adgangskode.
		Indtast kun din adgangskode på officielle Steam-hjemmesider såsom steampowered.com og steamcommunity.com. Disse sider indeholder et Extended Validation SSL-certifikat, hvilket de fleste opdaterede moderne browsere identificerer med grøn tekst eller en grøn markering i adressefeltet med "Valve Corporation [US]" nær adressen.Hvis du mistænker, at en hjemmeside, som beder om dine login-oplysninger, ikke er en officiel Steam-side, så indtast ikke dine oplysninger på siden og se bort fra den.Du kan finde flere informationer om, hvordan du sikrer din konto og beskytter dig selv mod konto-hijacking og phishing ved at besøge Steam Supports kontosikkerhedsanbefalinger.Når du er sikker på, at både computeren, du bruger, og din e-mailkonto er sikker, så kan du gendanne din Steam-konto ved at ændre din adgangskode.Τα email για το Steam Guard αποστέλλονται στην τελευταία διεύθυνση email που καταχωρήθηκε για τον λογαριασμό Steam σας.Εάν δεν λαμβάνετε email από το Steam Guard:Για περισσότερες πληροφορίες σχετικά με το Steam Guard, επισκεφθείτε τη σελίδα υποστήριξης Steam Guard.Якщо ваш акаунт Steam було викрадено, або зламано, вам необхідно виконати нижче вказані кроки, щоб запобігти повторному викраденню.Віруси, кейлогери та інші шкідливі програми можуть викрасти логін та пароль вашого акаунта Steam. Перед відновленням пароля вам необхідно скористатися антивірусом та сканерами шпигунських програм для гарантування відсутності шкідливого програмного забезпечення.Акаунти Steam зазвичай зламують після того, як зламують пов’язану електронну пошту. Зміна паролю своєї електронної пошти убезпечить від повторного викрадання шахраєм вашого акаунта Steam чи перешкоджання допомоги від служби підтримки Steam.Ніколи не давайте ваш пароль від акаунта Steam другу, або іншим особам, які хочуть його дізнатися. Служба підтримки Steam ніколи не вимагатиме ваш пароль.
		Вводьте ваш пароль тільки на офіційних вебсайтах Steam, як-от steampowered.com і steamcommunity.com. Ці сайти використовують сертифікати з розширеною перевіркою SSL, які підтримуються більшістю сучасних браузерів. На таких сторінках адресний рядок підсвічується зеленим, а поруч з’являється напис «Valve Corporation [US]».Якщо ви підозрюєте, що сайт, на якому запитують вашу інформацію для входу в Steam, не є офіційним, нічого не вводьте і негайно покиньте таку сторінку.Ви можете знайти додаткову інформацію про те, як самостійно захистити акаунт від зламу або фішингу на сторінці рекомендацій щодо захисту акаунтів служби підтримки Steam.Коли будете впевнені, що комп’ютер та електронна пошта, якими ви користуєтеся, захищені, виконайте відновлення свого акаунта Steam шляхом зміни пароля на інший.Join us in Bellevue, WA, USAWe are looking for versatile, proactive artists who have experience in 2D concept art, ranging from character design, world design, and everything in between. As an artist at Valve, you will join a world-class group of software engineers, 3D artists, writers, animators, and designers who are continually building and releasing entertainment experiences to players around the globe. We work in a fast-paced, team-centered environment, and we want to add your expertise to our team!Valve is an entertainment and technology company driven to design and deliver extraordinary entertainment experiences to customers. We hire people with broad skill sets who also exhibit deep expertise. Concept artists at Valve work within highly collaborative, dynamic, and multi-disciplinary teams. We value work which reflects the group's collective conversations and decisions. As a 2D artist you will generate concept work that solves problems identified by the team, while seeking live feedback and performing fast-paced iteration. You should be comfortable self-managing and being aware of the needs and requirements of those around you as you contribute creative visual solutions throughout pre-production and production.Do you prefer to collaborate with peers to define the work that you pursue, rather than simply follow a vision that's been set for you? If you're seeking an opportunity to work on genre-defining games with other world-class artists, consider joining Valve. We can't wait to see where you'll take us!
										Attach your documents. Please include a resume. (We like .pdf, .doc & .docx files.)									
														Hold tight while we upload your application.													
												Click anywhere to try again.											
														Your application will be reviewed by a member of the team, who will follow up with you soon.													
												Click anywhere to close this.											Steam Guard e-postaları Steam hesabınız için kaydedilmiş son e-posta adresine gönderilir.Eğer Steam Guard e-postalarını alamıyorsanız:Steam Guard ile ilgili daha fazla bilgi için, lütfen Steam Guard Destek sayfasını ziyaret edin.Листи від Steam Guard надсилаються на адресу, пов’язану з вашим акаунтом Steam.Якщо ви не отримуєте листів від Steam Guard:Для отримання додаткової інформації про Steam Guard, будь ласка, відвідайте сторінку підтримки Steam Guard.Pokud byl Váš účet služby Steam ukraden, měli byste před jeho obnovením splnit níže vypsané pokyny, aby k podobné události nedošlo znovu.Viry, keyloggery, spyware a další škodlivý software může zaznamenat a ukrást název Vašeho účtu služby Steam a heslo k němu. Před obnovením hesla Vám tak doporučujeme počítač zkontrolovat antivirovým a antispywarovým programem, abyste si byli jisti, že Vám nehrozí opětovná ztráta účtu.Účty služby Steam často padnou do cizích rukou poté, co jsou zpronevěřeny k nim přiřazené e-mailové adresy. Změnou hesla ke svému e-mailovému účtu tak zajistíte, že Vám nebude účet služby Steam obratem znovu ukraden a nebude nijak narušena Vaše komunikace s podporou služby Steam.Nikdy nedávejte své heslo k účtu služby Steam přátelům nebo jiným osobám, které o něj budou žádat. Dokonce ani zaměstnanec podpory služby Steam od Vás heslo nikdy chtít nebude!
		Své heslo zadávejte mimo klienta pouze na oficiálních webových stránkách služby Steam, jakými jsou například steampowered.com a steamcommunity.com. Tyto stránky obsahují rozšířenou verzi ověřovacího certifikátu SSL, po jehož rozpoznání většina moderních prohlížečů přidá do adresního řádku nápis „Valve Corporation [US]“ se zeleným pozadím.Máte-li podezření, že stránka, jež po Vás žádá přihlašovací údaje, není oficiální stránkou služby Steam, nezadávejte na ní žádné informace!Dodatečné informace o tom, jak zabezpečit svůj účet a ochránit se tak před krádeží, naleznete na této stránce.Jakmile se ujistíte, že je bezpečné jak Vámi používané zařízení, tak Váš e-mailový účet, můžete změnou hesla obnovit svůj účet služby Steam.Join us in Bellevue, WA, USAWe're looking for highly experienced, versatile and hardworking Technical Artists to solve problems, improve our tools and pipelines, and apply ingenuity to our award-winning games! Applicants must demonstrate a specialized capability as well as general versatility in all aspects of a CG pipeline. We look for individuals who proactively solve issues and have the flexibility and foresight to research, design and implement cutting-edge tools before artists require them. Technical Artists should be ready to jump into everyday production and force-multiply our art and technology capabilities.Valve is an entertainment and technology company driven to design and deliver extraordinary entertainment experiences to customers. We hire people with broad skill sets who also exhibit deep expertise. We are comfortable self-managing and making responsible decisions about work priorities in collaboration with our teams. Technical artists at Valve contribute in a wide variety of ways: We facilitate cross-disciplinary communication between departments and help articulate goals across different projects at the studio. We research, define, build, and maintain tools, and much more. We also recruit others like you.Do you prefer to define the work that you pursue? If you're seeking an opportunity to work on genre-defining games with other outstanding artists, designers and software engineers, consider joining Valve. We can't wait to see where you'll take us!Sorry, we do not accept student portfolios or reels.
										Attach your documents. Please include a resume. (We like .pdf, .doc & .docx files.)									
														Hold tight while we upload your application.													
												Click anywhere to try again.											
														Your application will be reviewed by a member of the team, who will follow up with you soon.													
												Click anywhere to close this.											Le email di Steam Guard vengono inviate all'ultimo indirizzo email registrato nel tuo account di Steam.Se non ricevi le email di Steam Guard:Per altre informazioni su Steam Guard, visita la pagina dell'Assistenza di Steam Guard.Everyone is invited! The Steam discussions are for everyone, new and advanced user alike!Searching is key! Before you post a question, use the forum search feature to determine whether your topic has already been covered.Do not start flame wars! If someone has engaged in behavior that is a detriment to the message board -- spamming, flaming people, etc -- contact one of the forum moderators or report the post. Flaming the offensive user will only increase the problem. Harassment is not tolerated.E-postmeddelanden från Steam Guard skickas till den e-postadress som registrerades senast på ditt Steam-konto.Om du inte får e-postmeddelanden från Steam Guard:För mer information om Steam Guard, besök supportsidan om Steam Guard.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.Е-писмата от Steam Guard се изпращат към последната регистрирана е-поща за Вашия Steam акаунт.Ако не получавате е-писма от Steam Guard:За още информация относно Steam Guard, моля, посетете страницата на Steam Guard поддръжката.E-mails van Steam Guard worden verzonden naar het laatst geregistreerde e-mailadres van je Steam-account.Als je geen Steam Guard-mails ontvangt:Bezoek de ondersteuningspagina voor Steam Guard voor meer informatie over Steam Guard.E-mails do Steam Guard são enviados ao último endereço registrado na sua conta Steam.Caso não esteja recebendo e-mails do Steam Guard:Para mais informações sobre o Steam Guard, acesse a página sobre o Steam Guard no Suporte Steam.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.Main MenuSteam Guard is an additional level of security that can be applied to your Steam account. The first level of security on your account is your login credentials: your Steam account name and password. With Steam Guard, a second level of security is applied to your account, making it harder for your Steam account to fall into the wrong hands.When Steam Guard is enabled on your account, when you login to your Steam account from an unrecognized device you'll need to provide a special access code to verify it's your account. Depending on your Steam Guard settings, you'll either receive an email with the special code or you'll get it from the Steam Mobile app on your smartphone.Steam Guard is enabled by default on your Steam account if your email is verified and you have restarted Steam twice since verifying your email. If you have disabled Steam Guard, and wish to reactivate it, please follow the instructions below:That's it! With Steam Guard enabled, you will be asked to enter the special access code sent to your email address each time you login to Steam from an unrecognized device.Getting Steam Guard codes via your smartphone provides the best level of Steam account security because you're authorizing your logins with a physical device that you possess. You'll need to download and install the free Steam Mobile app to your phone.No, there's no limit. Steam Guard is aimed to protect the value that is yours, not limit your access to your stuff. As always, you can access your Steam account and library from as many machines as you'd like.Deauthorizing a machine means it will look like a new device next time you use it to log in and a Steam Guard code will be required.If you've mistakenly checked the "remember me" box when logging in to a public computer or if your account has been compromised, you should deauthorize any computers that you've previously Steam Guarded. You can do this from your Account Details page > Manage Steam Guard and select "Deauthorize all other devices" at the bottom of the page. This will deauthorize all computers or devices other than the one you're performing this action from.Via email - Exit Steam and log back into your account. This will generate a new verification email.Via phone - The Mobile Authenticator will automatically generate a new code every 30 seconds.Always ensure that you enter the most recent code sent or generated - older codes will not work!Make sure that you are watching the inbox for the email address associated with your Steam account. Perhaps you used a different email address?If you are not receiving the e-mail at all, check your spam filters and spam inbox.Please try adding "[email protected]" and "[email protected]" to your contacts or trusted senders list within your email client and request a new access code.Even though Steam instantly sends an email, you may encounter a delay with some email providers depending on their server load and processing times. Please contact us if you have not received the verification email after 3 hours.This may be caused your browser's security settings. If your web browser's ‘Privacy’ settings are set too high, then your browser will be unable to store (web) cookie information. Check your browser settings to ensure that cookies are allowed.Running programs that clear internet history, delete other unused files, block cookie creation or that clean up orphaned registry entries may also be responsible for this issue. Disabling such programs will prevent this issue from occurring when logging into Steam via your web browser.More information...For help logging into Steam visit https://help.steampowered.comNo, Steam Guard will not limit your ability to access your Steam account through third-party websites that enable a sign in via your Steam account credentials.Steam Guard protects your Steam account by requiring access to your verified email account. This second layer of security depends on your email account also being secure. Below are the common methods used to steal accounts with Steam Guard enabled:This can happen after Steam Support has restored your account. If the button to enable or change Steam Guard's settings is missing you must restart Steam.The Steam client's settings dialog will appear like this:
		© 2017 Valve Corporation. All rights reserved. All trademarks are property of their respective owners in the US and other countries.
		Privacy Policy. 
		Legal. 
		Steam Subscriber Agreement.
	About Valve | Business Solutions | Jobs | Steam Site License
        Ако Steam акаунтът Ви е бил откраднат или хакнат, трябва да изпълните стъпките по-долу, преди възстановяването му. Така ще се подсигурите, че той няма да бъде откраднат отново.Вирусите, програмите за следене на клавиши, шпионските програми и друг зловреден код могат да откраднат името и паролата на Steam акаунта Ви. Преди да подновите неговата парола, е добре да пуснете сканиране за вируси и шпионски програми, така ще се подсигурите, че на компютъра Ви няма такива.Steam акаунтите често биват изложени на риск, след като асоциираната е-поща бъде компрометирана. Променяйки паролата ѝ, ще се уверите, че даден похитител не може да открадне Steam акаунта Ви повторно или пък да възпрепятства помощта от Steam поддръжката.Никога не давайте паролата за Steam акаунта си на приятели или други лица, които питат за нея. Представителите на Steam поддръжката никога няма да поискат паролата Ви.
		Въвеждайте паролата си само в официални уебсайтове на Steam, като например: steampowered.com и steamcommunity.com. Тези страници включват разширен SSL сертификат за проверка, който повечето съвременни браузъри ще установят със зелен текст или маркировка в адресната лента редом до „Valve Corporation [US]“.Ако подозирате, че даден уебсайт изискващ данните Ви за вход, е неофициален такъв за Steam, не въвеждайте никаква информация там и го игнорирайте.Можете да намерите допълнителна информация относно това как да подсигурите и защитите акаунта си от кражби или „фишинг“ измами, като посетите „Препоръките за сигурността на акаунта от Steam поддръжката“.След като се уверите, че компютърът и е-пощата, които използвате, са обезопасени, можете да възвърнете своя Steam акаунт, като смените паролата си.Menu principale Steam Guard è un livello di sicurezza aggiuntivo che può essere applicato al tuo account Steam. Il primo livello di sicurezza sono le credenziali di accesso: il nome e la password del tuo account Steam. Per mezzo di Steam Guard, il tuo account ottiene un secondo livello di sicurezza, il quale riduce il rischio che il tuo account Steam cada in mani sbagliate.Quando Steam Guard è attivato sul tuo account, chiunque provi ad accedere al tuo account Steam da un computer non riconosciuto, deve fornire un'autorizzazione supplementare. Uno speciale codice di accesso viene così inviato al tuo indirizzo email di servizio, e tale codice deve essere inserito all'interno di Steam al fine di completare l'accesso.Una volta verificato il tuo indirizzo email all'interno di Steam, Steam Guard diviene disponibile all'uso. Quando Steam Guard è attivato, ogni volta che accederai a Steam da un sistema che non riconosciamo, ti verrà richiesto di inserire il tuo indirizzo email e lo speciale codice di accesso fornito dall'Assistenza Steam.  Tutto qua! Con Steam Guard attivato, ti verrà richiesto di inserire lo speciale codice di accesso inviato al tuo indirizzo email ogni volta che accederai a Steam da un sistema non riconosciuto.  No, non c'è alcun limite. Steam Guard è mirato a proteggere ciò che ti appartiene, e non a limitarti l'accesso allo stesso. Così come avveniva prima dell'adozione di Steam Guard, puoi accedere al tuo account Steam e alla tua libreria da quanti computer vuoi.  Esci da Steam, riavvia il tuo computer, e effettua nuovamente l'accesso al tuo account. Così facendo, verrà generata una nuova email di verifica.Assicurati di inserire il codice più recente fra quelli inviati: codici precedenti non funzioneranno.  Assicurati di inserire l'indirizzo di posta elettronica associato al tuo account Steam.Se proprio non ricevi l'email in questione, assicurati che non venga scambiata per spam e filtrata di conseguenza.Prova ad aggiungere "[email protected]" ai contatti oppure all'elenco dei mittenti sicuri all'interno del tuo client di posta, dopodiché richiedi un nuovo codice di accesso.Talvolta, sebbene Steam invii l'email immediatamente, potrebbe verificarsi un ritardo dovuto ai provider di posta, a seconda del carico dei server da loro impiegati e ai relativi tempi di elaborazione. Ti invitiamo a contattarci se, passate tre ore, non hai ancora ricevuto l'email di verifica. Per risolvere questo problema, effettua quanto segue:In tal caso, il problema potrebbe essere riconducibile alle impostazioni di sicurezza del browser. Se le tue impostazioni relative alla ‘Privacy’ sono troppo rigide, il browser non sarà in grado di conservare le informazioni dei cookie. Controlla le impostazioni del browser per assicurarti che i cookie siano consentiti.I programmi in esecuzione che eliminano la cronologia, i file inutilizzati, e le voci di registro incomplete, potrebbero essere impostati in maniera da ripulire i cookie. Disattivare questa funzionalità farà sì che il problema non si ripresenti accedendo a Steam mediante il web browser. Visita l'Assistenza Steam e crea un account assistenza oppure accedi all'account pre-esistente se hai richiesto supporto dal nostro team dell'assistenza in passato. Inoltra una domanda con "[Steam Guard]" come Oggetto, scegliendo la categoria "Domande relative all'Account" e, successivamente, "Steam Guard/Verifica Email". Se non riesci ad accedere alla casella di posta elettronica attualmente associata al tuo Account Steam, sarà necessario fornire una prova d’acquisto all'interno del tuo ticket dell'assistenza.
 No, Steam Guard non interferirà con l'accesso al tuo account Steam, né in merito a 'Portal 2' sulla PS3, né rispetto ai siti affiliati che dispongono dell'accesso mediante le credenziali del tuo account Steam. No, non nell'attuale versione. Ad ogni modo, il nostro obiettivo è quello di offrire presto forme aggiuntive di autenticazione, così che l'utente possa disporre di alternative per quanto concerne i metodi di autenticazione supplementare da affiancare a Steam Guard. 
		© 2017 Valve Corporation. All rights reserved. All trademarks are property of their respective owners in the US and other countries.
		Privacy Policy. 
		Legal. 
		Steam Subscriber Agreement.
	About Valve | Business Solutions | Jobs | Steam Site License
        Different games may use the Steam Workshop in different ways, but everything here is created by members of the Steam community, just like you.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.Jos Steam-tilisi on varastettu tai kaapattu, käy läpi kaikki alla olevat vaiheet ennen kuin koetat palauttaa tilin käyttöösi. Nämä vaiheet varmistavat, ettei tiliäsi varasteta heti uudestaan.Virukset, näppäilyn tallentavat ohjelmat, vakoiluohjelmat sekä muut haittaohjelmat voivat varastaa Steam-tilisi sisäänkirjautumisnimen sekä salasanan. Ennen kuin asetat Steam-tilisi salasanan uudestaan tarkista virustentorjuntatyökalulla, ettei tietokoneellasi ole viruksia tai haittaohjelmia.Steam-tileihin murtautuminen on yleistä, kun siihen liitettyyn sähköpostiosoitteeseen on päästy käsiksi. Sähköpostitilin salasanan vaihtaminen varmistaa ettei kaappaaja pääse Steam-tilillesi toistamiseen tai häiritse Steamin tuen avunantoa.Älä koskaan anna Steam-tilisi salasanaa kaverille tai kenellekään muulle, joka sitä pyytää. Steamin henkilökunta ei koskaan pyydä sinulta salasanaasi.
		Näppäile salasanasi vain virallisille Steam-nettisivuille, kuten steampowered.com ja steamcommunity.com. Näillä sivuilla näet Extended Validation SSL -sertifikoinnin, jonka useimmat nykypäiväiset nettiselaimet näyttävät osoitekentässä vihreällä palkilla, jossa lukee "Valve Corporation [US]".Jos epäilet, että Steamin sisäänkirjautumistietoja vaativa sivusto ei ole virallinen, sulje kyseinen sivu äläkä anna sinne sisäänkirjautumistietojasi.Lisätietoja tilisi turvaamisesta sekä tilisi ja tietokoneesi suojaamisesta tietojenkalastelijoita ja varkaita vastaan löytyy Steamin tuen Tiliturvasuosituksista.Kun olet varma siitä, ettei tietokoneellasi ole viruksia ja sähköpostisi on suojattu, saat Steam-tilisi takaisin käyttöösi vaihtamalla sen salasanan.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.Steam Guard -sähköpostit lähetetään siihen osoitteeseen, minkä olet asettanut Steam-tilisi yhteystiedoksi.Jos Steam Guard -sähköpostit eivät tule perille:Saat lisää tietoja Steam Guardista Steam Guardin tukisivulla.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.Se a tua conta Steam for roubada ou sequestrada, completa as instruções abaixo antes de recuperares a tua conta para assegurar que a tua conta não seja roubada novamente.Vírus, key loggers, spyware e outros programas maliciosos podem roubar os dados da tua conta Steam. Antes de redefinires a palavra-passe da tua conta Steam, deves examinar o teu computador com programas de segurança anti-vírus e anti-spyware para garantir que o teu computador esteja livre de ameaças.Normalmente, uma conta Steam é roubada quando alguém obtém acesso não autorizado à conta de e-mail associada a essa conta Steam. Alterar a palavra-chave da tua conta de e-mail garante que um ladrão não possa roubar a tua conta Steam novamente ou interferir com a assistência do Suporte Steam.Nunca partilhes a palavra-passe da tua conta Steam com amigos ou outros indivíduos que a peçam. A equipa do Suporte Steam nunca pedirá a tua palavra-passe.
		Introduz a tua palavra-passe apenas em sites oficiais do Steam, como steampowered.com e steamcommunity.com. Estas páginas contêm um certificado SSL de validação avançada, identificado pela maioria dos navegadores de internet atualizados com texto verde ou um destaque a verde na barra de endereços com "Valve Corporation [US]" perto do endereço.Caso suspeites que um site que peça as credenciais da tua conta não seja um site oficial do Steam, não introduzas os teus dados neste site e sai do mesmo.Podes encontrar informações adicionais sobre como proteger a tua conta de roubos e phishing nesta página: Recomendações de segurança de contas.Assim que te certificares de que a tua conta de e-mail e o computador que estás a utilizar estão seguros, podes recuperar a tua conta Steam alterando a tua palavra-passe.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.Main Menu
		© 2017 Valve Corporation. All rights reserved. All trademarks are property of their respective owners in the US and other countries.
		Privacy Policy. 
		Legal. 
		Steam Subscriber Agreement.
	About Valve | Business Solutions | Jobs | Steam Site License
        Los emails de Steam Guard se envían a la última dirección de email registrada en tu cuenta de Steam.Si no recibes emails de Steam Guard:Para obtener más información acerca de Steam Guard, visita la página del soporte sobre Steam Guard.Wiadomości e-mail od Steam Guard są wysyłane na ostatnio zarejestrowany adres e-mail twojego konta.Jeśli nie otrzymujesz żadnych wiadomości:Aby uzyskać więcej informacji na temat Steam Guard, odwiedź stronę Pomocy technicznej.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.
				We believe that the best product decisions are made by the people who are actually doing the work. We take great pride in hiring top talent from a variety of disciplines and bringing people together with one simple directive: Collaborate and create. Below are some of the people at Valve who do just that.			
												Aaron got his first taste of creating 3D environments while he was studying engineering at UCLA. He was building VRML websites for the university, and also started designing levels for several internet mods. His level design skills landed him a job at Xatrix Entertainment where he worked on Redneck Rampage, Quake 2, and Kingpin before joining Valve in 1999 to work on Half-Life 2. 											
												Originally from San Juan, Puerto Rico, Ariel came to Valve after finishing his studies at the Savannah College of Art and Design. As part of Valve's character design team, he is responsible for creating character models, facial expressions, and skeleton deformations. Outside Valve, he pursues traditional art skills such as drawing, painting, and sculpting.											
												Full-time bellowing sasquatch and animator. Brad came to Valve after working for ILM, Bioware and Capcom. He thought animating Optimus Prime on top of a t-rex would be the peak of his own particular sizzle mountain, but the mountain has continued to sizzle here at Valve. Sizzling mountain animation action. 											
												Growing up in Belgium, Bram got hooked on game development making levels for Duke Nukem 3D and Half-life at a young age. After getting a start in the games industry working at various companies in the Netherlands and Sweden, he moved to the United States to help create Overwatch at Blizzard Entertainment. With his roots in the modding community, he now feels at home at Valve, where he spends most of his time obsessing over efficient UV layouts.											
												Cassie worked on government IT projects and infographics for 10 years, serving for two years as the editor a monthly publication for users of the National Practitioner Data Bank, a bureau under the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. My illustration portfolio is www.cassiemurphy.com.											
												Chris received his Bachelor's of Fine Arts with an emphasis in Animation and Medical Illustration. After working in the Biomedical field for several years as a 3d artist and traditional illustrator, he went on to work in the film industry as a Look/Dev and Texture Artist, working on films such as Avatar. He has now been at Valve as an artist since 2010 working on all things art related, from character design and environment concepting, to video game trailer production.											
												Dan comes from busy Mexico City. Back there he was lead artist for Kerbal Space Program. Before joining Valve he completed a Master's in 3D Animation at the National Centre for Computer Animation in the UK. On his spare time he enjoys composing music and working on his own experimental projects, while getting used to rainy Seattle.											
												At the age of 6, after a chance encounter with the artist Phil Tippett, Eric had the opportunity to view many of the original models following the release of Return of the Jedi, which set him on course to coloring, building, drawing, and creating with any and all materials in his path. If only his younger self would have ever known what would someday follow as a career. In the years as an artist with Valve, Eric has contributed to the visual design of games including Half-Life 2, Team Fortress 2, Dota 2 and other Valve titles.											
												After earning a Master's in Sculpture in 1996, Erik made the most of that degree by working cash registers and designing web pages. As creatively satisfying as those occupations were, he couldn't shake the feeling that he should be doing more with his life. He spent six months creating Quake levels and, in 1998, landed a job designing levels for Cyclone Studios' Requiem. For the next 12 years he served as Lead Designer at 3DO and Double Fine Productions. Finally, in 2010, he dragged his wife up to the Pacific Northwest and took a job at Valve.											
												Jane clutched two suitcases and traveled from Vancouver Canada to Swarthmore College in Pennsylvania to become an engineer and graduated an artist.  She then moved across the country to California to work on VFX and accidentally became an environment artist instead.  For the next 16 years she stayed in the Bay Area and had a great time creating game worlds at Electronic Arts (Return of the King, Godfather), Maxis (Spore), Double Fine Productions (Brutal Legend, Stacking, The Cave) and then Campo Santo (Firewatch).  In 2018, she moved to the PNW with her friends to join Valve.											
												Jason worked on British comics 2000ad and Judge Dredd Megazine as well as concept art for many games. His free time was spent mostly âenhancingâ (other people’s) property with spray paint. Jason eventually skipped town and now resides near Seattle where he does all manner of arting at Valve and no longer pursues his extra-curricular activities in any way shape or form. Honest.											
												Matt is and Artist and Designer from the UK city of Nottingham. After spending the first 10 years of his career working at studios in the UK and Canada, Matt joined Valve in 2008. He got straight to work crafting character art and for Left 4 Dead 2, Portal 2, Dota 2 and The Lab and has most recently shipped Half-Life: Alyx.											
												Tristan earned a degree in transportation design. After a dipping a toe into industrial design, he found his way into making models for games, eventually landing at Valve to help with Half Life 2, Episode 2.  Since then He's been delighted to get away with building all sorts of models and art for Portal 2, Left 4 Dead, Team fortress 2, among others.  Outside of Valve, Tristan enjoys the decision paralysis that comes from making art and models in the real world where there is no Ctrl Z.											
												Wade has worked in the game industry as an artist since 1998, and for Valve since 2005. In his spare time, he participates in group art shows and experiments with 3d printing and casting.											
												Morasky's life and career sounds a lot like one of the post-modern audio collages he is so fond of creating. Teenage guitar player in a bar band in Montana; award-winning experimental composer in Tokyo; audio hardware programmer in Silicon Valley; underground art rocker touring the world; 3D animator and director for television; electronic audio collage artist in France and Japan; visual fx artist on The Lord of the Rings and Matrix trilogies; AI animation instructor at an art college. These days, Mike is doing some combination of all these things at Valve.											
												As a freelance composer and musician, Tim has done it all. He played trumpet for the likes of Ella Fitzgerald, Sheila E., Lou Rawls, Huey Lewis, James Brown, and Natalie Cole; recorded numerous records, movies, documentaries, and TV shows (including Survivor and Fear Factor 2.0) as a studio musician; created the sound design for The Chubbchubbs!, a 2003 Academy Award winner for Best Animated Short Film; and as Audio Director at Cyan studio for eight years, created the music and sound for the Myst series. Now, he's here at Valve, where he's worked on just about every title the company has shipped. When he's not working, Tim is playing tennis, fly fishing, or commuting back and forth to his home and family in Spokane, WA. 											
												As a music major, Tobin looked forward to a career in food service. Instead, he spent most of his twenties touring and recording with Robert Fripp and The League of Crafty Guitarists, which led, somehow inevitably, to Microsoft in 1996, where he worked on Interactive Music Architecture (DirectMusic) and as an Audio Director at Microsoft Game Studios, primarily with FASA. Tobin joined Valve in 2008 and is blown away every day that, in addition to doing audio production on some of the coolest projects in the whole wide world, he's allowed to tinker with the audio calls in the game code, and encouraged to learn more about that side of the process every day. 											
												Adam joined Valve in 2015. Prior to that, he ran business development for a video startup in Brooklyn. Before that he worked in development on dozens of movies, plays and television projects. At Valve he works with partners across games, video and VR hardware.											
												Connor joined Valve in 2009 as part of the Support Team.  After a few years he joined the Steam Business team to help third-party developers and coordinate promotions.											
												The bulk of my childhood and young adult life revolved around working to become a better golfer.  After a mostly unsuccessful playing career, I spent a few years coaching collegiate golf teams and then transitioned indoors to work on the Tiger Woods PGA Tour games at Electronic Arts.  During my time at EA, I worked in the EA Partners Group where we helped Valve ship The Orange Box, Left 4 Dead, Left 4 Dead 2 and Portal 2 on console and into retail.  I started at Valve in 2010, working as a member of the Business Development Team and focusing on Steam, Partner relationships, Hardware and VR among many other things.  Mostly unsuccessful is still a good description of my golf game.   											
												Nathaniel Blue works on the Steam Team at Valve. He works with game developers and publishers across the globe and spends most of his time working on Steam features, new business opportunities, and events. He has a variety of experience in the gaming industry, advertising, and the music industry.											
												Ricky finds every subject wildly interesting. Prior to Valve, he spent years as an engineer and designer before joining Netflix to create the UI used on game consoles and TVs. Now he works on Steam platform growth, contracts, licensing, and helping developers craft awesome things for gamers. Ricky has an MBA from Wharton and a B.S. in Computer Science from the University of Virginia. When not at work, he's probably in the ocean or getting tackled by his Border Collies.											
												Romy has been with Valve since 2009. She works on business development for Steam, Wallet Cards and events like The International Dota 2 Championships.											
												Shreya graduated with a degree in Electrical Engineering from the University of Illinois at Urbana Champaign but got working on strategic business partnerships for Surface while at Microsoft. She used to dream about lightsabers but now she's working on making them a [virtual] reality.											
												Tom is a graduate of the University of Washington Foster School of Business and an alumnus of Teach For America. After teaching and coaching at a high school in rural Mississippi, Tom started working for Valve. Now he spends his days on the Steam Business team, helping the people who make PC games connect with the people who play PC games.											
												David spent seven years in higher education before joining Valve in 2014 to work with Steam Support. His focus is on quality, partner management, and project management. He enjoys cooking, dogs, and hiking (you can probably guess that he’s from Seattle). 											
												Jared has worked with Steam Support since 2010 and is currently focused on expanding and refining the operation. If you have feedback for Steam Support or from an interaction that you've had with the team, send it my way using my contact link below.											
												Jenni's curiosity toward foreign languages began at an early age within the chanterelle-laden forests of Finland, where she wanted to figure out the profound messages in NKOTB songs. A couple decades, an assortment of language-nerd jobs, and an English degree later Jenni moved to Seattle. She joined Steam Support in 2011 with a focus on improving Steam user experiences across different languages. 											
												After working in manufacturing for almost a decade focusing on Program and Account Management, Patricia joined the Customer Support team at Valve where she is working on improving the quality of our interactions with our users and partners. If you have feedback regarding your experience with Steam Support, she would love to hear it! 											
												John writes high performance code and oversees gradient descents. Prior to joining Valve, he worked at NVIDIA where he developed new techniques to drive GPUs and helped numerous developers optimize their game engines. John got his start in the game industry working on Command & Conquer: Generals.											
												Kristian studied Economics and Finance at Montana State University before arriving at Valve in 2012. He started on Team Fortress 2, where he worked to better understand player interactions with crates, name tags, and Hats of Undeniable Wealth and Respect.  Kristian currently works with the Steam team, where he focuses on platform growth, virtual reality, and development of partners' in-game economies. 											
												Software nerd who's a little interested in everything else too.											
												Mike has a B.A. in Computer Science and Psychology from Yale and a PhD in Psychology from the University of Illinois. His job description is vague, but he thinks it probably has something to do with applying both psychological knowledge and methodologies to game design. Essentially this means he gets to play with data, perform research, and act as an in-house consultant of sorts. He is really happy that you took the time to read his paragraph.											
												Prior to joining Valve, Alex animated in Film and FX for a decade.  											
												Originally from San Juan, Puerto Rico, Ariel came to Valve after finishing his studies at the Savannah College of Art and Design. As part of Valve's character design team, he is responsible for creating character models, facial expressions, and skeleton deformations. Outside Valve, he pursues traditional art skills such as drawing, painting, and sculpting.											
												While growing up in the mountains of North Carolina, Brandon often retreated to the family basement to play video games or guitar - and daydream about getting paid to do either. He wound up earning a degree in computer animation, and using his considerable animation skills to help establish the visual style for many games, including Final Fantasy IX, Warcraft III, and World of Warcraft. Brandon now spends his time at Valve creating backgrounds, pointing spotlights at extreme angles, and being slightly irresponsible with color. He still plays guitar.											
												Brett has been working at Valve since 2011 and has worked on multiple teams contributing to different projects. He's a passionate game developer who enjoys gaming, outdoors, and snowmobiling in his spare time.											
												Game designer, composer, writer, and arguably some other things. I've worked on games like Firewatch, Gone Home, The Cave, Thirty Flights of Loving, and more.											
												After shedding her Long Island accent and fleeing to the West Coast in 2007, Christine began working as an animator in the games industry for companies such as LucasArts and Double Fine Productions. She joined Valve in 2011, and currently enjoys being the defacto short person for VR playtests and exploring creature biomechanics and locomotion. When not animating, Christine can be found in the North Cascades looking for critter tracks in the mud (or snow). She loves Boston Terriers more than any well-adjusted, reasonable adult should.											
												Dave started working on games in his spare time back in the days of Doom and Quake. His work caught our eye and we lured him here from the East Coast to work on Half-Life.											
												Rogue Canadian masquerading as a software engineer, designer, and whatever else they let me get away with.											
												After earning a Master's in Sculpture in 1996, Erik made the most of that degree by working cash registers and designing web pages. As creatively satisfying as those occupations were, he couldn't shake the feeling that he should be doing more with his life. He spent six months creating Quake levels and, in 1998, landed a job designing levels for Cyclone Studios' Requiem. For the next 12 years he served as Lead Designer at 3DO and Double Fine Productions. Finally, in 2010, he dragged his wife up to the Pacific Northwest and took a job at Valve.											
												I do level design, game design, and gameplay programming.  At Valve I've worked on Team Fortress 2, Left 4 Dead, Portal 2, and Dota 2.Favorite games: Descent, Everquest, StarCraft 1Currently playing: Apex Legends, Slay the Spire											
												Ido joined Valve in 2001. He's much older now.											
												Having escaped (or been let loose?) from a secret bio-research lab in Siberia, Iikka started to design and program games at an early age. However, it wasn't until he began to create levels and mods for Doom and Quake that he became known to the world. In 1988, he left the pack of wolves that raised him for a job at ION Storm in Dallas, Texas. A few years and adventures later, he found himself at Valve. That was 2001. He hasn't had the urge to bite anybody since.											
												Jake is a level and UI designer and still doesn't quite believe it. He helped make Firewatch, The Walking Dead, Sam & Max, and many old websites lost to time.											
												Jane clutched two suitcases and traveled from Vancouver Canada to Swarthmore College in Pennsylvania to become an engineer and graduated an artist.  She then moved across the country to California to work on VFX and accidentally became an environment artist instead.  For the next 16 years she stayed in the Bay Area and had a great time creating game worlds at Electronic Arts (Return of the King, Godfather), Maxis (Spore), Double Fine Productions (Brutal Legend, Stacking, The Cave) and then Campo Santo (Firewatch).  In 2018, she moved to the PNW with her friends to join Valve.											
												 Jeep quit his janitorial job at Fred Meyer to turn his programming hobby into a career. Jeep's love of video games (and fear of returning to a life of toilet scrubbing) drove him to earn a B.S. Degree from the DigiPen Institute of Technology in Redmond, WA. His senior game project, Narbacular Drop, morphed into Portal after Valve hired Jeep and his DigiPen teammates.											
												Jeff's projects include Half-Life 2, Lost-Coast, Day of Defeat. Team Fortress 2, Left 4 Dead 2, and DotA 2. He is responsible for concepts, world textures, prototyping levels, architectural studies, and model making. In addition to working on world environments you can find him sketching, modeling, and learning new art techniques.											
												Jeff joined Valve in 2000. Previously at Sierra On-line working on multiple titles, lastly Swat 3 CQB. Jeff has been a designer and technical artist on many Valve products including Team Fortress, Half-Life 2, Day of Defeat, Left 4 Dead, Portal 2, Team Fortress 2, and VR title The Lab.											
												John is an animator most of the time. He’s been a gamer since his parents bought their Commodore 64. As a high-schooler he made small Quake mods and became addicted to Team Fortress. After graduating, his brother introduced him to the guys on the Day of Defeat team. They wanted to ship their mod, but they needed animation help. John jumped in. Valve eventually invited John and the rest of the team to continue DoD development at Valve’s offices. At this point, John has worked on nearly every product we've shipped. His TF obsession is over - replaced by an addiction to DotA, and lapping his Ducati at local road courses.											
												Karen performed for 16 years as a puppeteer with Jim Henson and the Muppets before becoming a computer animator. She worked at Pixar and several other animation companies before joining Valve, where she continues to apply her puppet acting experience towards animating an exciting mix of heroes, creatures and robots.											
												Before joining Valve in 2010 as a Level Designer and Artist, Ken Banks previously worked on titles including Doom 3, Quake 4, and Borderlands.  His career was inspired by his first real gaming experience on the PC, Valve's Half-Life, in 1998.  He became established in Half-Life's flourishing mod community as a contributor to the successful Natural-Selection, which helped launch his career into game development at the age of 18.											
												Kyle likes making and playing games.											
												Matt is and Artist and Designer from the UK city of Nottingham. After spending the first 10 years of his career working at studios in the UK and Canada, Matt joined Valve in 2008. He got straight to work crafting character art and for Left 4 Dead 2, Portal 2, Dota 2 and The Lab and has most recently shipped Half-Life: Alyx.											
												As a paint fixer and rotoscope artist at the legendary Tippett Studio, Matthew painted a pimple out of Darryl Hannah's armpit for My Favorite Martian and rotoscoped Kevin Bacon in a black bodysuit for Hollowman. He moved on to legendary Weta Digital to work as an animator and animation lead for The Lord of the Rings trilogy. He came to legendary Valve from Los Angeles where he was the animation supervisor on The Chronicles of Narnia; The Lion The Witch and the Wardrobe, the longest title of any film he's ever worked on. He's now animating on Dota 2. Matthew had been eyeing Valve for awhile and is happy to report that he and his family like Seattle much better than LA, although the weather reminds him of that Ray Bradbury short story (All Summer in a Day) where the sun only comes out for two hours every seven years.  											
												Mike has a B.A. in Computer Science and Psychology from Yale and a PhD in Psychology from the University of Illinois. His job description is vague, but he thinks it probably has something to do with applying both psychological knowledge and methodologies to game design. Essentially this means he gets to play with data, perform research, and act as an in-house consultant of sorts. He is really happy that you took the time to read his paragraph.											
												Before Valve, Mike animated for TV, Commercials and Film. Now he's animating at the coolest company on the planet making awesome content for fun games and VR.											
												Miles began his career at Foundation Imaging in Southern California as a character animator on the Starship Troopers TV series. Shortly thereafter, he got his start in games - lead animator for Interplay's PS2 game Run Like Hell. Upon joining Valve in 2001, Miles was inhumanely forced to participate in company playtests. As a result, he developed an addiction to Counter-Strike, despite the fact that he was really bad at it. He has since overcome his addiction and contributes character modeling and/or animation to a lot of Valve games. His hobbies include lamenting over the fact that he's not drawing enough.  											
												Phil Co has been a level designer since 1996.  He joined Valve in 2005 and has worked on The Orange Box, the Left 4 Dead series, Portal 2, Dota 2 and SteamVR.  Phil tried filmmaking for the documentary Free to Play and is also the author of the book Level Design for Games.											
																							
												Writer and lackluster game developer. Worked on projects such as Firewatch, The Walking Dead and  was the inventor of the rotary engine.											
												Simonne loved pushing buttons as a child, so she decided to push buttons as a career. Designer currently working on Dota and Underlords.											
												Tom graduated from the University of California-Berkeley with a Bachelor's degree in Computer Science. Like most software engineers at the time, he decided to join an Internet startup and become a millionaire before turning 30. When that didn’t happen, and after the Internet bubble burst, he decided to forget all that web-based, e-commerce stuff and pursue his real dream: making video games. He joined Midway Games West (formerly, the original Atari). That studio shut down a few months later, so Tom moved on to Maxis where he worked on titles such as Darkspore, Spore, and The Sims 2 (and many of its expansion packs). Since joining Valve in 2010, Tom has worked on Team Fortress 2, Portal 2, SteamVR, and Steam (including the Steam Workshop and the Store). He's also the beneficiary of one of the best fan tributes we've ever received.											
												Tristan earned a degree in transportation design. After a dipping a toe into industrial design, he found his way into making models for games, eventually landing at Valve to help with Half Life 2, Episode 2.  Since then He's been delighted to get away with building all sorts of models and art for Portal 2, Left 4 Dead, Team fortress 2, among others.  Outside of Valve, Tristan enjoys the decision paralysis that comes from making art and models in the real world where there is no Ctrl Z.											
												Ben started his career as a UNIX systems programmer and then accidentally transitioned to embedded systems focused on video delivery. Valve rescued him from the video industry and gave him the opportunity to work on Steam, Steam Controller, and Virtual Reality.											
												I used to attach sensors to people to make them healthy.  Now I attach sensors to people to make them happy.  											
												Gordon is a software/math type who is working on VR hardware.  And by "working on VR hardware" I mean calibrating things.  Allllll the things.  So many things.											
												Jeff writes software and firmware for all sorts of VR devices.											
												Hardware engineer working on SteamVR based controllers and technology											
												Jeremy is a software developer working on hardware. He loves pixels. Except for the crappy ones. He’s excited about the future of VR, concerned about AI, and otherwise an optimist. He formerly had unrealistic expectations for pixels in the visual effects industry, and regularly overcomes zeroth-world problems.											
												Electrical Engineer with experience in Signal Integrity and Semiconductor product development, test. I work a lot in the lab.											
												All the Federales say they could have had him any day											
												Mike has a B.A. in Computer Science and Psychology from Yale and a PhD in Psychology from the University of Illinois. His job description is vague, but he thinks it probably has something to do with applying both psychological knowledge and methodologies to game design. Essentially this means he gets to play with data, perform research, and act as an in-house consultant of sorts. He is really happy that you took the time to read his paragraph.											
												Shreya graduated with a degree in Electrical Engineering from the University of Illinois at Urbana Champaign but got working on strategic business partnerships for Surface while at Microsoft. She used to dream about lightsabers but now she's working on making them a [virtual] reality.											
												I work with our design teams and manufacturing / supplier partners to help herd the chaos of launching new products. 											
												Unlike most people at Valve, Amy was actually born and raised right here in Washington, on Whidbey Island. And like all native Washingtonians talking to transplants, she will remind you of this fact roughly twice a minute in any given conversation. After many years working at Zillow, Amy took a break from work to enjoy time with her family and learn how to cook some bucket list foods, like Beef Wellington and Lasagna Bolognese from scratch. Years later, sitting in her kitchen surrounded by pans of Beef Wellington, Amy realized it was either time to pick some new foods or get back to work. Since joining Valve Amy has found a second family. She gets the opportunity to work with exceptionally talented and incredibly kind people every day, and to spend every day helping to make their experience at Valve better.  When she’s not working, Amy’s favorite passion is to travel. Be sure to ask her about Utila next time you see her!											
												Elizabeth has worked in HR realm since she was a teenager, working for the State of California Employment Development Dept, helping teenagers build resumes and developing/creating jobs for them before she even knew the definition of Human Resources. Elizabeth worked at Gracenote, subsidary of Sony, LECG Law and Economics Consulting Group, Oakland and SF HQ banks including World Savings and Union Bank of California. She graduated with a degree in Business Administration with an Emphasis in Human Resource Mgmt.											
												Sara is one of those odd ducks who decided she wanted to be in Human Resources when she was attending college at the University of Washington. She received an internship in HR with BECU, and began working for them full time once she graduated. From there she went on to work for Zillow, and now she is lucky enough to be a part of Valve's Human Resources team.											
												Adam is a Designer on Dota 2. He co-designed the kickstarted boardgame, BLUESHIFT. He also enjoys camping, painting miniatures, and riding his motorcycle. 											
												Alden has a habit of ending up in the middle of everything. If he isn't getting in the way of Steam game releases, he's probably working on UI design for Valve games or the Steam store. Alden came to Valve after working on design and production for the Xbox 360 Dashboard. Before that, he studied design at the University of Washington and worked on various freelance design projects. When he's not working, Alden can be found chasing his competitive ambitions in cycling and swimming. He commutes to work by swimming back and forth across Lake Washington every day. Most weekends, he relaxes by riding his bike to Portland. Twice.											
												Carl has worked on human spacecraft, commercial aircraft, and a variety of electronic products. At Valve, he works on making technology comfortable, mainly.											
												Cassie worked on government IT projects and infographics for 10 years, serving for two years as the editor a monthly publication for users of the National Practitioner Data Bank, a bureau under the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. My illustration portfolio is www.cassiemurphy.com.											
												Chris attended a nationally accredited university and has an actual degree in something or other. He remembers liking fine art and filmmaking classes the most. At Valve Chris has designed UI and marketing for Valve games and Steam.											
												Product designer by day, aspiring metalsmith by night.											
												Dhabih is as happy to be here today as he was on the first day he started back in 1999. His name is pronounced ZA-bee.											
												Emily works on the UI for Steam; library, mobile apps, community, support, sales, and security. Prior to Valve, Emily spent time working at Xbox, a mobile start up, frog, Jackson Fish Market, and Microsoft's Pioneer Studios. Emily wants you to protect your account with the Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator. 											
												A wassailer of optimally balanced products.											
												Greg still works here.											
												Designer working on SteamVR hardware and software.											
												Mike has a B.A. in Computer Science and Psychology from Yale and a PhD in Psychology from the University of Illinois. His job description is vague, but he thinks it probably has something to do with applying both psychological knowledge and methodologies to game design. Essentially this means he gets to play with data, perform research, and act as an in-house consultant of sorts. He is really happy that you took the time to read his paragraph.											
												 "Q!" brings over 10 years of multi-disciplinary graphic design experience to Valve. He has had a creative role in launching print, online, and new media endeavors as a senior art director for Incite PC Gaming magazine, art director for PC Accelerator, and associate art director for PC Gamer. At Valve, you can find Q!'s schedule filled with marketing, packaging, web design, game trailers, .dem file creation, and other visual communications tasks. In his spare time, Q! likes to reminisce about how he was training to be a competitive bodybuilder 14 years ago. Get over it, already!											
												Reigning Valve fantasy football champion. University of Washington VCD graduate. Although he sucks at actually playing video games, he loves working on them.  											
												Simonne loved pushing buttons as a child, so she decided to push buttons as a career. Designer currently working on Dota and Underlords.											
												Tom graduated from the University of California-Berkeley with a Bachelor's degree in Computer Science. Like most software engineers at the time, he decided to join an Internet startup and become a millionaire before turning 30. When that didn’t happen, and after the Internet bubble burst, he decided to forget all that web-based, e-commerce stuff and pursue his real dream: making video games. He joined Midway Games West (formerly, the original Atari). That studio shut down a few months later, so Tom moved on to Maxis where he worked on titles such as Darkspore, Spore, and The Sims 2 (and many of its expansion packs). Since joining Valve in 2010, Tom has worked on Team Fortress 2, Portal 2, SteamVR, and Steam (including the Steam Workshop and the Store). He's also the beneficiary of one of the best fan tributes we've ever received.											
												Adil is originally from Toronto, Canada and he joined Valve in late 2016. Since then he has built various features that help game developers to communicate with their fans. For examples, he has worked on live streaming, game events, Steam sales and developer home pages on Steam.											
												Originally from the east coast, Al moved to Seattle in 2006 and joined Valve a couple years later in 2008.  Since joining, Al has worked on everything Steam - from Steam Chat and Trading, to holiday sales and Tagging on the Steam Store, to Steam Trading Cards and Discussions on the Steam Community.											
												Anish joined Valve in 2016 where he is one of the main developers behind Steam Audio. He did his undergraduate in Computer Science from IIT Bombay in 2006 and received his Ph.D. from UNC-Chapel Hill in 2011. Before joining Valve, Anish was the co-founder and CEO of a VR audio tech startup Impulsonic.											
												Ben is a programmer formerly of Campo Santo, Double Fine, and EA. He cares deeply about helping people tell stories and focuses predominantly on tools, UI, and systems.											
												Ben started his career as a UNIX systems programmer and then accidentally transitioned to embedded systems focused on video delivery. Valve rescued him from the video industry and gave him the opportunity to work on Steam, Steam Controller, and Virtual Reality.											
												Brett has been working at Valve since 2011 and has worked on multiple teams contributing to different projects. He's a passionate game developer who enjoys gaming, outdoors, and snowmobiling in his spare time.											
												As a child, Brian learned how to program by cracking all the computer games he couldn't afford to buy. As an adult, he decided to join the games industry as a way to make up for his reprehensible childhood. At LookingGlass, he worked on Flight Unlimited. He went on to co-found GameFX, and was a Lead Engineer on Sinistar Unleashed. He joined Valve in 2000 and has contributed to just about everything the company has shipped since then. Brian focuses mostly on engine and graphics technology, with the occasional foray into game design. 											
												Another Fort Walton Beach, Florida native, Charlie graduated from the University of Florida in the summer of 1994 and headed for California and 3Dfx Interactive. His responsibilities there included developer support, porting products to hardware, sample code, simple demos, and ultimately working with the 3Dfx developer relations team to manage the engineering game porting effort. Charlie left 3Dfx after two years and, with his college friend Gary McTaggart, created the Uber(tm) Engine at Ritual Entertainment in Dallas, Texas. Not long after joining Ritual, Charlie and Gary left to start their own company. Not long after that, Valve made Charlie (and Gary) an offer "they couldn't refuse."											
												Chris started his career at Looking Glass, working on sound and physics for the Thief Series, and later the sequel to Deus Ex at Ion Storm.  Since joining Valve he's worked on chainsaws and jockeys and spell-stealing wizards and machines that make suggestions on Left 4 Dead and Dota.											
												If not at his desk, Chris can probably be found somewhere on the side of the road waiting for a tow truck. If needed, he can be summoned by jingling a bag of Apex seals.											
												Clinton grew up making levels and mods for Quake 3: Arena in the mountains of North Carolina. He got a BS in Computer Science from Appalachian State University, then made his way down to UNC Chapel Hill to study computational geometry. Before joining Valve, he worked at Impulsonic, where he helped make audio great again with advanced sound propagation technology. These days, he can be found mucking about in Source 2 and perfecting his SteamVR Home destinations in Hammer.											
												Having spent his early years between Georgia, Alabama, and Texas, by the end of college Colby was ready to escape the hot, humid weather of the South and jumped on an opportunity to move to the Seattle area and join Microsoft. Then, in 2018, he scored his dream job as an engineer at Valve and has been enjoying every minute of it.											
												  											
												Dave joined Valve in 2005 to work on the rendering and physics aspects of portals for the game Portal. Now he spends most of his time doing low level systems work in Source 2.											
												I grew up in Saint Louis, MO, went off to school at Rice University in Houston and Cal (UC Berkeley), then moved to the lovely Pacific Northwest in 2006. Here, I spent a decade at Google, mostly building application servers and infrastructure. After an intervening gig as PE at a smaller big data company, I joined Valve and the Steam team in 2018.											
												Drew joined Valve in 2018 to work on all things VR. Originally from "near Philadelphia", he graduated from Rochester Institute of Technology having worked at Microsoft (Windows) and Google (Tilt Brush, Google Flights). If he manages to remove a VR headset from his face, it's probably because he has a concert to attend.											
												Rogue Canadian masquerading as a software engineer, designer, and whatever else they let me get away with.											
												I'm a generalist programmer who has been making games since 1996.  For some reason I wrote 3D Math Primer for Graphics and Games Development.  Lately I've been focusing on networking.											
												Gordon is a software/math type who is working on VR hardware.  And by "working on VR hardware" I mean calibrating things.  Allllll the things.  So many things.											
												After eight years leading ATI's 3D Application Research Group, Jason was finally seduced by the entertainment industry and joined Valve in 2005.  He has worked on a variety of projects, from real-time rendering to Source Filmmaker to the Steam iOS client and, most recently, VR game programming on Half-Life: Alyx.  He has even gotten to apply his latent CAD skills by modeling and texturing props for L4D2 and designing puzzles and gameplay spaces for Half-Life: Alyx.											
												Jay joined Valve from Tetragon where he was lead engineer and 3D engine developer of Virgin's Nanotek Warrior. Before that, he developed titles for Sony Playstation & 3DO. Way before that, he wrote his first computer game (at age 9) and had a game published in a magazine (at age 15). A native of Cajun Country, Jay finds Northwest buildings too hot (what, no air conditioning?) and the food not hot enough.											
												Jeff writes software and firmware for all sorts of VR devices.											
												Jeff grew up in the Philly area and graduated with a degree in Electrical Engineering from Penn State. Before joining Valve, he worked on a variety of console and mobile games. 											
												Jeremy is a software developer working on hardware. He loves pixels. Except for the crappy ones. He’s excited about the future of VR, concerned about AI, and otherwise an optimist. He formerly had unrealistic expectations for pixels in the visual effects industry, and regularly overcomes zeroth-world problems.											
												Joe joined Valve as a programmer in 2009 and has spent his time working on item back ends, trading systems, virtual reality, and hats. These days he is helping out with the software side of Valve's hardware effort. Though he started his game industry career at Sierra in 1998, most of the intervening time was spend on trains and pirate ships during his nine years at Flying Lab software. Before that, he was never in Anthrax, no matter what you may have heard on the internet.											
												Joe started his career at Motorola in Chicago, working on mobile games before it was cool.  He then went on a meandering journey shipping games and software for EA, LucasArts, Disney, WB, Microsoft HoloLens and his own middleware company before finally joining Valve in 2016.  Right now he's focused on animation technology and tools.  											
												John spent his post college graduate years at a struggling Web 2.0 startup, lured in by the illusion of stock option riches. Since arriving at Valve, he's landed on the Steam team where he works on a little bit of everything, from Shopping Carts to the in-game Overlay. His favorite thing about Valve is having a huge, energetic user base, which benefits from the work he does on Steam.											
												John writes high performance code and oversees gradient descents. Prior to joining Valve, he worked at NVIDIA where he developed new techniques to drive GPUs and helped numerous developers optimize their game engines. John got his start in the game industry working on Command & Conquer: Generals.											
												John makes software work maybe more than it did previously, with varying degrees of success.  Since joining Valve in 2014, he has focused on improving virtual hats, the Linux gaming ecosystem, and intersections thereof.  Prior to Valve, John was last seen making attempts at improving the free and open web at Mozilla.											
												Jon really really likes writing software, plus doing all the other things you have to do in order to make software useful to humans once you've written it. 											
												Keith joined Valve from Blizzard, where he was the Lead Gameplay Engineer on Overwatch working on the game from concept to ship.  Prior to that, he was the Technical Director at inXile entertainment, working on Hunted: The Demon's Forge.  Now he's happy to be working on solving all sorts of features at Valve.											
												I joined Valve in 2018 to work on Steam.  I am passionate about web services, video games and hardware.  When I am not at work I am programming engine computers for old cars or doing needlessly complex microcontroller projects.											
												Martin started at Valve in 2000 as a contractor working from Germany and moved to Seattle after graduating from Dortmund University with a Master's Degree in Computer Science. After working on HLTV, Counter-Strike and Half-Life 2, he moved to the Steam team and has been involved tons of Steam projects & features ever since. When he's not programming, he's reading about planes, or talking about planes or flying a plane.											
												Software nerd who's a little interested in everything else too.											
												Born in Paris, Pierre-Loup is a multiclassed systems and graphics programmer with too many opinions on product design. After moving to the US in 2007 to work on graphics drivers, he joined Valve in 2013 to help port Steam and the Source Engine to Linux platforms. Since then, P.L. has helped ship the Steam Controller and the Vulkan graphics API.											
												Scott began playing and designing games at an early age on an Atari 800 and never looked back. He came to Valve after creating games at Legend Entertainment for many years. Aside from level design and game mechanics, he delights in creating particle effects and programming the system that drives them. When not making worlds come to life, he's usually making them explode, bleed, and burn.  He helped to spin up the hardware teams at Valve and currently is working on the Steam Controller.											
												A bit of an odd-ball, Sergiy joined Valve to do weird low-level stuff and squeeze more blood, um, juice out of the silicon in your gaming machines. Sergiy specializes in systems programming, physics, and applied math. According to him, some games pretend to be simulating physicsy-looking motion. Sergiy made the physics engine behind Uncharted: Drake's Fortune while at Naughty Dog, and the animation system in Far Cry during his lazy years at Crytek. There were a few other odd jobs here and there, but the list is long and boring, and mostly lost in the eons that have passed.											
												Steven is a professional Linux supremacist with a recurring NetHack addiction. He joined Valve in 2015, after four years of writing kernel, hypervisor, and emulation code for Amazon Web Services. Before that he worked for Introversion Software on their Linux ports of Darwinia and Defcon.											
												Taylor joined Valve in 2001 to help develop Steam, and has been part of that team ever since. His previous experience ranges from DVD emulation to air combat simulators for the military. He has a Bachelor's degree in electrical engineering from The Cooper Union in New York City. In his spare time, Taylor enjoys photography, playing bass and guitar, and staring at maps.											
												Tom graduated from the University of California-Berkeley with a Bachelor's degree in Computer Science. Like most software engineers at the time, he decided to join an Internet startup and become a millionaire before turning 30. When that didn’t happen, and after the Internet bubble burst, he decided to forget all that web-based, e-commerce stuff and pursue his real dream: making video games. He joined Midway Games West (formerly, the original Atari). That studio shut down a few months later, so Tom moved on to Maxis where he worked on titles such as Darkspore, Spore, and The Sims 2 (and many of its expansion packs). Since joining Valve in 2010, Tom has worked on Team Fortress 2, Portal 2, SteamVR, and Steam (including the Steam Workshop and the Store). He's also the beneficiary of one of the best fan tributes we've ever received.											
												Tony got into game programming via the mod community in 2001. He created several server plugins and was responsible for the first online Team Fortress 2 backpack viewer. He continued this work as a hobby while studying Computer Science at Cal Poly in San Luis Obispo, CA. Before coming to Valve in 2011, to work on his passion, Tony spent two years at Microsoft helping to develop the next version of Visual Studio.											
												Vitaliy grew up in the Soviet Union. He earned two Master's degrees (with honors) and a lieutenant rank. He solved thousands of differential equations systems, then architected and implemented software that has probably processed petabytes of binary data by now. And then, he moved to Santa Monica to help Sony lay the foundation for PlayStation-3. Vitaliy joined Valve in 2006 and helped us ship The Orange Box, our first Xbox 360 game. He went on to establish our matchmaking system, implement the PlayStation-3 version of our engine, and design and improve our numerous back-end systems.											
												Yahn was an Atlanta patent lawyer with a degree in chemistry from Harvard. So obviously he ended up in Seattle developing computer games. He taught himself to program at the age of 12 and has worked on the systems code and tools for most of Valve's titles.											
												John escaped from the world of east coast government, finance, and healthcare to come to Valve and work on Steam.											
												Jay Pinkerton is a comedy writer who fell into game writing completely accidentally fifteen years ago and has been waiting for somebody to notice ever since. Prior to joining Valve, Jay ping-ponged around the industry working with very nice people on games that were worked very hard on and then shelved forever. Prior to that he was an editor at the then-resurrected Cracked.com, and helped get that online. Prior to that he was Managing Editor of the National Lampoon. Prior to that he was mostly freelance writing, which is a professional way of saying he starved for a living. Prior to that he was a child, then a baby, and then hadn’t existed yet. That pretty much catches you up.											
												Jon joined the ranks of Valve in 2011. We got a lot more strict about hiring after that.											
												Writer and lackluster game developer. Worked on projects such as Firewatch, The Walking Dead and  was the inventor of the rotary engine.											
												Writer of things. Lover of pro wrestling.											
												Alireza moved to Canada (via Iran and Turkey) when he was nine. His first impressions of the west were the films TRON, Die Hard, and Lawnmower Man. Inspired by this trinity of action, art, and science he chose a career in 3D animation and visual effects. After earning a Bachelor's and a post-graduate degree in animation from Sheridan Institute of Technology, Ali went to London to start work on his first film. He was 24. He now works at Valve where he drives the effort to transform visual effects into a dynamic interactive experience - and blows stuff up.											
												Started with fx in movies now we're here											
												Augusta has been with Valve since 2007.  She works on business development for Steam, VR and events like Steam Dev Days.											
												Dario started designing levels for Doom while he was studying economics at the University of Oxford in England. After building "Final Doom: The Plutonia Experiment" with his brother, he joined Valve where he discovered that it was actually possible to have a career in games. Upon graduating from Oxford in 1996, he decided that the finance world would just have to wait. After all these years in the U.S., Dario still stubbornly refuses to give up his accent, and happily endures being the subject of British jokes on a daily basis.											
												David developed telecommunications software in Boulder, Colorado before he came to Valve. During his time here he's been a programmer/designer and cabal lead on Half-Life 2 and Half-Life 2: Episode Two. He has also worked quite a lot on our Hammer level editor over the years. A fan of recreational physical suffering, David goes rock climbing in his spare time. He has dragged many a pale and shaking Valve employee along on adventures in vertiginous terror.											
												While studying computer science at Cornell University's College of Engineering, Don would disappear for months at a time - into his dorm room or "The SUG" (Cornell alums UNITE!). He was busy making computer games and graphics demos. His obsession helped him land a couple of summer gigs at Valve, where he worked, under the tutelage of Ken Birdwell and Chris Green, on making vrad.exe faster. After getting his Master's degree, Don joined Valve full-time. He's still working on graphics stuff.											
												After years in the music industry, Doug decided to get a real job. Then he came to his senses and got into the gaming industry instead. As Valve's Vice President of Marketing, Doug helps manage and coordinate third-party relations, marketing, and press activities.											
												Eric joined Valve in 2000 after graduating from the DigiPen Institute of Technology in Redmond, WA. Before DigiPen, he worked for Nintendo of America. But when DigiPen opened its doors in the U.S. in January 1998, Eric saw an opportunity to change careers and make games instead of just playing them.											
												Erik began his career as a shoe salesman and moved up to selling used cars. When he decided that the car business wasn't for him either, he took a job in Sierra Online's QA department. As one of Sierra's Half-Life testers, Erik spent a lot of time at Valve and we eventually offered him a job as shipping manager. Erik is now one of Valve's business development authorities.											
												Gabe held a number of positions in the Systems, Applications, and Advanced Technology divisions during his 13 years at Microsoft. His responsibilities included running program management for the first two releases of Windows, starting the company's multimedia division, and leading efforts on the Information Highway PC. Then he started Valve. His most significant contribution to Half-Life, the company’s debut title, was his statement: "C'mon, people, you can't show the player a really big bomb and not let them blow it up."											
												Kelly came to Valve via the Half-Life mod community. While earning a Master's degree in Business at the University of Missouri-St. Louis, he helped develop and do sound work for Day of Defeat. He saw a career in video game development and sound engineering as the obvious next step after the MBA - and an undergraduate degree in Biology - so he packed his things and headed west to Valve. Today, you can find Kelly in his office, surrounded by WWII books and memorabilia, wearing a fat pair of headphones, and wondering how in the world he actually landed a job he loves doing.											
												Liam showed early promise in his summer job at General Motors making car transmissions. Twice, GM and the UAW awarded him a Certificate of Perfect Attendance. But Liam left the assembly line for the classroom, teaching college and junior high math until a professor named Yau (that would be the Fields Medal-winning Shing-Tung Yau) convinced him to look for other work. Liam's interest in understanding the rules that govern society led him to law school, and then to Seattle's K&L Gates firm where he specialized in technology and business law and worked with a number of game companies, including Valve. Right before joining Valve, Liam served as general counsel of Zillow.com. 											
												After obtaining a business diploma in Melbourne, Australia, Markus moved to Seattle to attend Embry Riddle Aeronautical University, where he graduated with a B/S in Technical Management. At Valve, he's working on localization related things, supporting partners and everything that involves the Steam PC Cafe Program.											
												Matthew loved to play video games as a child. His parents warned him that playing games wasn't going to get him a job in the future. After graduating from the University of Washington in 2010, he proved them wrong by landing a job at Valve. As part of Valve’s Steam Support Team, Matthew helps support our Korean community and localizing efforts, making thousands of Korean Steam users believe we actually have offices in Korea. Matthew also uses his Photoshop skills to help make sure advertisements for sales and promotions get properly translated and presented to Steam users in Chinese, Japanese, Russian, Spanish, French, and German - just to name a few. In his spare time he enjoys playing soccer and any first-person shooter game he can get his hands on.											
												Does a little bit of this and a little bit of that here and there.											
												Before joining Valve, Scott was Senior Vice President at Havas Interactive where he created and managed the Sierra Studios business unit that published Half-Life. During his five years with Sierra, Scott held a number of different positions in business development, acquisitions, finance, investor relations, and product development. Before Sierra, Scott worked in the public accounting industry for Coopers & Lybrand. In both the audit and tax departments, he managed a range of clients, from small start-ups to Fortune 500 companies. Scott is a graduate of the University of Washington Business School (with a concentration in accounting), and is an inactive Certified Public Accountant in the State of Washington.											
												They told Sharon that she could be anything, so she decided she would be the resident unicorn princess.											We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request. Our on-going goal with Steam is to improve the service we offer customers. We believe that by sharing this
													data, we'll be able to spot problems earlier, improve the Steam service more efficiently, and ultimately build
													better products and experiences. Let us know what you think. We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.Buy and sell items with community members for Steam Wallet funds.Valve is an entertainment software and technology company founded in 1996 and based in Bellevue, Washington. The company’s debut title, Half-Life, has won over 50 Game of the Year Awards and was named "Best PC Game Ever" in the November 1999, October 2001, and April 2005 issues of PC Gamer, the world's best-selling PC games magazine.Valve’s portfolio also includes titles in the award-winning Counter-Strike, Day of Defeat, Team Fortress, Left 4 Dead, Portal and Dota franchises. This portfolio of titles accounts for over 100 million units sold worldwide, and include some of the most played online games in the world.In addition to producing best-selling entertainment titles, Valve is a developer of leading-edge technologies including the Source® game engine and Steam®, a leading platform for digital content offering thousands of games to millions of users around the world. In 2015, Valve introduced the Steam Hardware devices, a collection of hardware devices designed to extend Steam beyond the desktop. In 2016, launched SteamVR, a platform for the creation and distribution of leading edge VR products.Today, Valve is composed of over 300 of the industry's best artists, programmers, and writers. In the company's history, it has risen from "unlikely new entry" to industry leader, producing a string of best-selling and critically-acclaimed PC products and technologies.For other press inquiries, contact Doug.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.Main Menu
		© 2017 Valve Corporation. All rights reserved. All trademarks are property of their respective owners in the US and other countries.
		Privacy Policy. 
		Legal. 
		Steam Subscriber Agreement.
	About Valve | Business Solutions | Jobs | Steam Site License
        Main MenuSteam Guard is an additional level of security that can be applied to your Steam account. The first level of security on your account is your login credentials: your Steam account name and password. With Steam Guard, a second level of security is applied to your account, making it harder for your Steam account to fall into the wrong hands.When Steam Guard is enabled on your account, when you login to your Steam account from an unrecognized device you'll need to provide a special access code to verify it's your account. Depending on your Steam Guard settings, you'll either receive an email with the special code or you'll get it from the Steam Mobile app on your smartphone.Steam Guard is enabled by default on your Steam account if your email is verified and you have restarted Steam twice since verifying your email. If you have disabled Steam Guard, and wish to reactivate it, please follow the instructions below:That's it! With Steam Guard enabled, you will be asked to enter the special access code sent to your email address each time you login to Steam from an unrecognized device.Getting Steam Guard codes via your smartphone provides the best level of Steam account security because you're authorizing your logins with a physical device that you possess. You'll need to download and install the free Steam Mobile app to your phone.No, there's no limit. Steam Guard is aimed to protect the value that is yours, not limit your access to your stuff. As always, you can access your Steam account and library from as many machines as you'd like.Deauthorizing a machine means it will look like a new device next time you use it to log in and a Steam Guard code will be required.If you've mistakenly checked the "remember me" box when logging in to a public computer or if your account has been compromised, you should deauthorize any computers that you've previously Steam Guarded. You can do this from your Account Details page > Manage Steam Guard and select "Deauthorize all other devices" at the bottom of the page. This will deauthorize all computers or devices other than the one you're performing this action from.Via email - Exit Steam and log back into your account. This will generate a new verification email.Via phone - The Mobile Authenticator will automatically generate a new code every 30 seconds.Always ensure that you enter the most recent code sent or generated - older codes will not work!Make sure that you are watching the inbox for the email address associated with your Steam account. Perhaps you used a different email address?If you are not receiving the e-mail at all, check your spam filters and spam inbox.Please try adding "[email protected]" and "[email protected]" to your contacts or trusted senders list within your email client and request a new access code.Even though Steam instantly sends an email, you may encounter a delay with some email providers depending on their server load and processing times. Please contact us if you have not received the verification email after 3 hours.This may be caused your browser's security settings. If your web browser's ‘Privacy’ settings are set too high, then your browser will be unable to store (web) cookie information. Check your browser settings to ensure that cookies are allowed.Running programs that clear internet history, delete other unused files, block cookie creation or that clean up orphaned registry entries may also be responsible for this issue. Disabling such programs will prevent this issue from occurring when logging into Steam via your web browser.More information...For help logging into Steam visit https://help.steampowered.comNo, Steam Guard will not limit your ability to access your Steam account through third-party websites that enable a sign in via your Steam account credentials.Steam Guard protects your Steam account by requiring access to your verified email account. This second layer of security depends on your email account also being secure. Below are the common methods used to steal accounts with Steam Guard enabled:This can happen after Steam Support has restored your account. If the button to enable or change Steam Guard's settings is missing you must restart Steam.The Steam client's settings dialog will appear like this:
		© 2017 Valve Corporation. All rights reserved. All trademarks are property of their respective owners in the US and other countries.
		Privacy Policy. 
		Legal. 
		Steam Subscriber Agreement.
	About Valve | Business Solutions | Jobs | Steam Site License
        Explora incluso más a fondo los confines de las recompensas del pase de batalla con el Pack de Nivel de Batalla disponible solo por tiempo limitado. Los poseedores del pase de batalla pueden comprar este pack descontado, desde ahora hasta la tarde del lunes 29 de junio, para desbloquear 120 Niveles de Batalla, x9 Tesoros de Aspecto Inmortal I, x6 Tesoros de Aspecto Inmortal II y x3 Tesoros de Aspecto Inmortal III por solo 29.99 $.Este pack ofrece un 75 % de ahorro en el valor combinado de los Niveles y los Tesoros, y el 25 % de los ingresos de cada venta se agrega al fondo de premios de The International 10. Cada persona puede comprar hasta dos packs.El pase de batalla de The Internacional 10 está repleto de recompensas increíbles: los Santuarios de lo Divino en el nivel 160, el personaje para Pudge del Carnicero de Peluche en el nivel 255, el personaje para Anti-Mage del Camino del Discípulo en el nivel 305, el Único Rey Verdadero del arcano de Wraith King en nivel 375, la Eminencia de Ristul Queen of Pain Arcana en el nivel 445, el Arcano de la Brújula del Vendaval en Ascenso en el nivel 575, y la Aegis del coleccionista en el nivel 1000 por nombrar solo algunos. El Pack de Nivel de Batalla es la herramienta necesaria para descubrir todo el potencial del pase de batalla de este año.Письма от Steam Guard высылаются на адрес, к которому привязан ваш аккаунт Steam.Если вы не получаете письма от Steam Guard:Больше о системе «Steam Guard» можно узнать на странице поддержки Steam.Sign in to add this item to your wishlist, follow it, or mark it as not interested
									Sign in to see reasons why you may or may not like this based on your games, friends, and curators you follow.
								ViolenceIncludes Poland: United and Ready DLC, Forum Avatar and Wallpapers
			Includes 5 items:
			Hearts of Iron IV: Cadet Edition, Hearts of Iron IV: Together For Victory, Hearts of Iron IV: Death or Dishonor, Hearts of Iron IV: Waking the Tiger, Hearts of Iron IV: Man the Guns					
			Includes 5 items:
			Europa Universalis IV, Stellaris, Hearts of Iron IV: Cadet Edition, Imperator: Rome, Crusader Kings II					“Hearts of Iron 4 wields complexity like a swift armor division during the blitzkrieg, allowing it to serve the idea of layered, cerebral, strategic warfare instead of letting it needlessly bog down the experience.”9/10 – IGN“It captivates me because—imperfectly, impressionistically, and perhaps a little amorally—it lets me orchestrate the most titanic armed struggles in history, from the fussy economic details to the cut-and-thrust of mechanized warfare. There are other great strategic-level wargames out there. But I have never played anything like Hearts of Iron 4”8.8/10 – PC Gamer“For now, after many dozens of hours, I'm taking a break from Hearts of Iron 4. Not because I'm sick of it; quite the contrary, in fact. What I need to do is some serious reading, some careful planning on what my vision for the United States should be in 1936. And when I've done that planning — when I've formulated my character sheet, as it were — I have the utmost confidence that Hearts of Iron 4 will be ready for me to play a role in world affairs.”8/10 – Polygonhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1348660/Hearts_of_Iron_IV_Battle_for_the_Bosporus/This is how you access your game book content. Paradox Interactive, HEARTS OF IRON® Copyright© [2016] Paradox Interactive AB All rights reserved. www.paradoxplaza.comYou can use this widget-maker to generate a bit of HTML that can be embedded in your website to easily allow customers to purchase this game on Steam.Enter up to 375 characters to add a description to your widget:Copy and paste the HTML below into your website to make the above widget appearSign in to add your own tags to this product.
						
							Sign In
						
					We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.Main Menu
		© 2017 Valve Corporation. All rights reserved. All trademarks are property of their respective owners in the US and other countries.
		Privacy Policy. 
		Legal. 
		Steam Subscriber Agreement.
	About Valve | Business Solutions | Jobs | Steam Site License
        We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.Main MenuSteam Guard is an additional level of security that can be applied to your Steam account. The first level of security on your account is your login credentials: your Steam account name and password. With Steam Guard, a second level of security is applied to your account, making it harder for your Steam account to fall into the wrong hands.When Steam Guard is enabled on your account, when you login to your Steam account from an unrecognized device you'll need to provide a special access code to verify it's your account. Depending on your Steam Guard settings, you'll either receive an email with the special code or you'll get it from the Steam Mobile app on your smartphone.Steam Guard is enabled by default on your Steam account if your email is verified and you have restarted Steam twice since verifying your email. If you have disabled Steam Guard, and wish to reactivate it, please follow the instructions below:That's it! With Steam Guard enabled, you will be asked to enter the special access code sent to your email address each time you login to Steam from an unrecognized device.Getting Steam Guard codes via your smartphone provides the best level of Steam account security because you're authorizing your logins with a physical device that you possess. You'll need to download and install the free Steam Mobile app to your phone.No, there's no limit. Steam Guard is aimed to protect the value that is yours, not limit your access to your stuff. As always, you can access your Steam account and library from as many machines as you'd like.Deauthorizing a machine means it will look like a new device next time you use it to log in and a Steam Guard code will be required.If you've mistakenly checked the "remember me" box when logging in to a public computer or if your account has been compromised, you should deauthorize any computers that you've previously Steam Guarded. You can do this from your Account Details page > Manage Steam Guard and select "Deauthorize all other devices" at the bottom of the page. This will deauthorize all computers or devices other than the one you're performing this action from.Via email - Exit Steam and log back into your account. This will generate a new verification email.Via phone - The Mobile Authenticator will automatically generate a new code every 30 seconds.Always ensure that you enter the most recent code sent or generated - older codes will not work!Make sure that you are watching the inbox for the email address associated with your Steam account. Perhaps you used a different email address?If you are not receiving the e-mail at all, check your spam filters and spam inbox.Please try adding "[email protected]" and "[email protected]" to your contacts or trusted senders list within your email client and request a new access code.Even though Steam instantly sends an email, you may encounter a delay with some email providers depending on their server load and processing times. Please contact us if you have not received the verification email after 3 hours.This may be caused your browser's security settings. If your web browser's ‘Privacy’ settings are set too high, then your browser will be unable to store (web) cookie information. Check your browser settings to ensure that cookies are allowed.Running programs that clear internet history, delete other unused files, block cookie creation or that clean up orphaned registry entries may also be responsible for this issue. Disabling such programs will prevent this issue from occurring when logging into Steam via your web browser.More information...For help logging into Steam visit https://help.steampowered.comNo, Steam Guard will not limit your ability to access your Steam account through third-party websites that enable a sign in via your Steam account credentials.Steam Guard protects your Steam account by requiring access to your verified email account. This second layer of security depends on your email account also being secure. Below are the common methods used to steal accounts with Steam Guard enabled:This can happen after Steam Support has restored your account. If the button to enable or change Steam Guard's settings is missing you must restart Steam.The Steam client's settings dialog will appear like this:
		© 2017 Valve Corporation. All rights reserved. All trademarks are property of their respective owners in the US and other countries.
		Privacy Policy. 
		Legal. 
		Steam Subscriber Agreement.
	About Valve | Business Solutions | Jobs | Steam Site License
        We see you're logging in to Steam from a new browser or a new computer.  Or maybe it's just been a while...Did you check your spam folder?  If you don't see a recent message from Steam Support in your inbox, try looking there.You now have access to your Steam account here.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.This account can't be accessed from this computer without additional authorization.This account is currently using a Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.We'll send a text message containing an account recovery code to your phone number ending in . Once you enter the code, we will remove the mobile authenticator from your account and you will receive Steam Guard codes via email.We have sent a text message containing a confirmation code to your phone number ending in . Enter the code below so we can remove the mobile authenticator from your account.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...We have removed the mobile authenticator from your account. Next time you log in, you will have to enter a Steam Guard code that is sent to your email address.You can now use this device to get mobile authenticator codes for your account. Any other device that was previously providing authenticator codes for your account will no longer be able to do so.You do not have a phone number associated with your Steam account, so we are unable to verify account ownership via a text message. Do you have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator? The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Please enter the recovery code in the box below. The recovery code begins with the letter 'R'.Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...Sorry but, that isn't quite right...If you have lost access to your mobile device, the mobile phone number associated with your account, and don't have the recovery code that you wrote down when you added the mobile authenticator, then please contact Steam Support for assistance recovering access to your account.Sorry you're having trouble.  We know your Steam account is valuable to you, and we're committed to helping you keep access to it in the right hands.There was an error encountered while processing your request.